lumbar lumbar lumbar lumbar lumbar lumbar lumbar Some pain has not really gotten better since the last evacuation period. She continued to have pain in the right thumb, difficult bending her right thumb, especially about the IT joint period. She continued to have pain in the thumb when trying to grip things or move her thumb, period. She dentes numbness or tingling. She's been unable to work., cervical, thoracic, sphagnum, osteoporosis, pneumonia, pharnacea, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathyroid, parathar mcp and ip joint with movement period she has quite a bit of difficult with any with with ip joint flexion of the thumb and is unable to do so today period selection of the right knee goes nobody front she has tenderness she has tenderness to palpation along the interests of the knee she has fogging motion flexion extension substance of the patient present her with continued bothersome right thumb symptoms after initial right thumb mcp and ip joint sprain period her cervical spine, thoracic spine, lumbar spine, sprain, slash, strain, and right knee contusion. Symptoms are stil bothersome, but improving with treatment period. Her aforementioned diagnoses are a result of this auto accident. I plan to run. I have ordered an MRI of the right thumb to evacuate, of the right hand, slash, thumb to evacuate for near internal derangement. Periodophilia is reasonable since her symptoms have not improved and sometimes are worse despite starting treatment. period. This is consistent with NIA guideline. Number two, to continua advice and treatment, you need to get out without physical assistant, converge, or service. Submersion, payment, promotion, short-shot, and function. Number thre, you may continua naproxen, cycle, meniscus, period, superscan. Number four, you may not have work status. Number five, you'll be re-out in thre weeks.