lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, Some pain has not really gotten better since the last evacuation period. She continued to have pain in the right thumb, difficult bending her right thumb, especially about the IT joint period. She continued to have pain in the thumb when trying to grip things or move her thumb, period. She dentes numbness or tingling. She has been unable to work. visible damage to the lower orchi, inspection of cervical and thoracic spinae, no moniformes, gestation of patient, parasympathetic, parathyroidism, musculoskeletal, bilateral, spinae, phalanx, anterior motion, does that fare in your motion, parasympathetic, paralytic, whenever therems a negative inspection of thoracic and lumbar spinae, no moniformes, gestation of patient, parathyroidism, parathyroidism, musculoskeletal, bilateral, spinae, lumbar, flexion path, flexion path, flexion path MCP and IP joint with movement, period. She has quite a bit of difficult with IP joint flexion of the thumb and is unable to do so today, period. Flexion of the right knee. There was no money for her. She has tenderness to palpation along the interests of the knee. She has fogging motion, flexion, and extension. Substantia patient present her with continued bothersome right thumb symptoms after initial right thumb, MCP, and IP joint sprain, period. her cervical spine, thoracic spine, lumbar spine, sprain, slash, strain, and right knee contusion. Symptoms are stil bothersome, but improving with treatment period. Her aforementioned diagnoses are a result of this auto-accident. I plan to run. I have a word of numeraire of the right hand, slash, thumb, to evacuate for near internal derangement. is reasonable since her symptoms have not improved and sometimes are worse despite starting treatment. period. This is consistent with NIA guideline. Number two, to continua advice and treatment, you need to get out without physical assistant, converge, or service. Submersion, payment, promotion, short-shot, and function. Number thre, she may continua naproxen, cyclopes, renal, periosteum, or scram. Number four, she may not have work status. Number five, shell be re-out in thre weeks.