pateronica, ischium, cannula, patient last name is A-U-G-U-S-T-Y-N-I-A-K-F-R-S-M-D-A-V-I-D-0-11-5-6-4-C-L-O-R-2-2-6-9-7-4-D-I-S-T-E-N-2-4-T-E-N-O-T-E-N-2-9-T-E-N-L-O-C-A-T-I-O-N Columbia He was evacuated by one of the chiropractor. He was starter in the course of a low-level chiropractic treatment. He was ordered to exercise his cervical spine and lumbar spine, which he has not yet had completed. He present today for further evacuation of his complaint pain in his neck, upper back, mid-back, low-back, and left knee. He thinks his neck and back area is jerked and his left knee struck against something. He has a bruise there. Neck and upper back pain has a rate of 5 to 6 out of 10. His low back pain has a 7 to 8 out of 10. His left knee pain has a 3 his achines and stiffness, neck pain, absorption, bronch, position, turning of his head, low back pain, absorption, bending and twisting, as well as lifting period, his low back pain was sometimes extending to his mid-back period, left knee pain, absorption, direct pressure of his bruise, period. He dentes some distinctly radiating symptoms. He does not have any symptoms prior to this injury. Past medial issue, diabetes, mellitus, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, heart disease, atrial fibrillation, for which he is on anticoagulation. Past surgical issue includes cardiac stent placement in 2016 period. He also has a history allergies, known and drug allergies, family history, liver disease, social history, who works as a procet manager, he dentes tobacco, alcohol, or illicium drug use, resistance, negative fever, chills, chest pain, shortnes of breath, noxious, constipation, anemia, bowel, incontinence, physical exam, patella, lumbar, anorexia, dissection, cervical, anthrax, expel, anemia, lymphoma, chronic, asthmatic, impaired cervical, upper parathyroidism, musculoskeletal, bilaterally, left, cranial, right, periodic, tendon, spas thoracic, lumbar, spina, viscera, normative, coronary, head, center, vision, lower, paratose, impermeable, musculoskeletal, bilateral, period, spin, lumbar, flexion, paratose, 60 degrees, and extension, paratose, 20 degrees, period, fascia, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar If a radiologist who has ordered extra of his cervical spine or lumbar spine as an initial evacuation of the chiropractor period, this has not yet been completed. So someone with acute muscle and lumbar sphagnum sphagnum, cerebral and thoracic spine, possible for set injury, pressure, lung number two. Acute muscle and lumbar sphagnum, sphagnum, lumbar spine, possible for set injury, pressure, lung number thre. Left knee contusion, pressure, lung number one. He'll continua evacuation during the day, whatever the level of his chiropractor service. I've indicated on every script that before hillary of edit in four weeks or sooner if need to paraphrasia a causal statement of dislocation thank you