This is a dislocation of a neurologia followup evacuation on Nicolle Rosen, ROFCN. Date of accident, 11-9-2024. Today's date is January 13, 2026. Date of birth, 5-5-1971. Next pair of patient, Nicolle Rosen, who was seen almost eight weeks ago, return for a followup visit. Since the patient was seen last time, the patient was prescribe methylphenidate, 5 mg to be taken, 1 Since taking the medication, the patient feels there is almost 40-60% improvement of her concentration ability and decreases the distractibility period. The patient says she is not too much conserved about her memory issues anscore but she is more conserved about the distractibility and concentration ability period. The patient has no problem with the medication so far The patient also is tempeh not to take the medication during the weekend period. The patient dentes any problem with the medication and dentes any side effects of the medication. He has no problem sleeping at night period. Nexperia. Nexperia. Nexperia. Nexperia. Nexperia. Nexperia. Nexperia. Nexperia. Nexperia. Nexperia. Nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, diarrhea, bowel or bladder incontinence, skin rash or itching, next paragraphia. On general physical exam, patient is fairly well nourished by acute distress, patient present and cooperative. Blood pressure was 180.71 plus for 74 per minute regular period. Next paragraphia. Neurologia exam, mental status alert, oriental time C, higher cognitive function was normal. Patient aware of current everts, next paragraphia. Cranial exam, 2 to 12 was normal, speech was normal. Dr. Mohammed Alwahaidy, DC, Excelsia, chiropractic, thoracolumbar, lumbosacral, lumbosacral, paraspinal, lumbosacral, paraspinal, lumbosacral, Posttraumatic syndrome presenting with extreme difficult concentration, easily distractibility, and fatigue period. Next period, this time the patient doing masked improvement of her symptoms since taking the medication period. Next period, this time the patient continued taking the methylphenidate, five milligram in the morning, five milligram in the afternoon. Also tried to avoid taking the medication on the weekend period. I will see her back in about four weeks time in front of her problem marriages. Dr. Mohammed Alwahaidy, DC, Excelsia, chiropractic, subluxation, manipulation,