for a recent BDTA initial neurologia evacuation for a patient first name April Aston Hicks. All right, date 1-19-2026. Date of birth is 4-23-1974. Date of exam is 2-5-2-3-6. Place of exam is Kate Hicks, H-I-K-S, 51-year-old female who was interested in a clinical evacuation of headache. Tuesday, Agnes Hospital where no imaging was obtained. She was in discharge for a patient and her headache are daily lasting, that's an hour over the estimate, I said around 10. She suffered a headache with neck pain, I said around 10, nausea, vomiting, blood vision, tinnitus, for the four-way patient. She did not have any history of headache, head traum's, or severe. She did not have any history of headache, head traum's, or trauma. She had a seizure time for one, 2015, due to a accidental overdose. period. She also knows that changing the mood would increase anxiety and emotional trauma. She was given a way forward to a psychiatrist for this complaint period. She did not entertain a contact. She takes a six-week off due to body pain. Next is her past medial history. MBA two or thre years ago. Was she fully recovery? History of a seizure times one ten years ago. more self-limiting and with our spon-spon-spon-spon-spontaneously period. Next is the surgical history. None. Next is the allergies. No, no. Drug allergies. Next is the communication. None. Next is the family history. Knock, knock, knock, knock. Next is the surgical history. She's unemployed. She's single with two children. She dentes any alcohol, tobacco, drug use. Next is the weaknes. Next is the obesity. Next is the endorphin. Headache. Neck pain. Nausea. Vomiting. Blood vision. Tinnitus. to to to not next season this next next dependent of the the case our our persona that was so close to getting the contribution i was over our backs on 119 26 i would recommend her to a physical therapy for a cervical genetic has come up with symmetry for her being dizzy period unfortunately due to her not living here comma she's originally from oklahoma where she leaves on june 6 2025 I gave her a referred to a neurologist to evacuate and treat for posttraumatic headache and contusion period. So I will discharge her from this neuro clinic due to her moving back to her home state of Oklahoma period. She was given a order for a CT of the head with our conference, but are we advised that she has not had obtained yet period may be beneficia for her to see a neurologist as well as more neuroimaging, period. All her questions answered the best of my ability. She was super manicure. I would be discharged today, period, at Cathodic Cros.