pateronic anus, womb canal, patient last name is A-U-G-U-S-T-Y-N-I-A-K-F-R-S-M-D-A-V-I-D-0-11-5-64 calendar 226-974-0214-0219 lobation Columbia Vision present today for a medial evacuation of a new sustaire due to a motivation trauma of disease right in the middle who works as a procet manager on the above day who was a strainer of a vehicle pappose the vehicle's rear ended by another vehicle but he dentes it to have a loss of consciousness a few days later he He was evacuated by one of the chiropractor. He was starter in the course of a low-level chiropractic treatment. He was ordered to exercise his cervical spine and lumbar spine, which he has not yet had completed. He present today for further evacuation of his complaint pain in his neck, upper back, mid-back, low-back, and left knee period. He thinks his neck and back area is jerked and his left knee struck against something. He has a bruise there. Neck and upper back pain has a rate of 5 to 6 out of 10. His low back pain has a 7 to 8 out of 10. His left knee pain has a his achines and stiffness, neck pain, absorption, bronch, position, turning of his head, low back pain, absorption, bending and twisting, as well as lifting period, his low back pain was sometimes extending to his mid-back period, left knee pain, absorption, direct pressure of his bruise, period. He dentes some distinctly radiating symptoms. He does not have any symptoms prior to this injury. Past medial issue, diabetes, mellitus, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, heart disease, atrial fibrillation, for which he is on anticoagulation. Past surgical issue includes cardiac stent placement in 2016 period. He also has a history allergies, known and drug allergies, family history, liver disease, social history, he works as a procet manager, he dentes tobacco, alcohol, or illicium drug use, resistance, negative fever, chills, chest pain, shortnes of breath, noxious, constipation, anemia, bowel, incontinence, physical exam, patella, lumbar, anorexia, spectrum, cervical, anthrax, expandable, endometriosis, endometriosis, gastrointestinal, parasympathetic, cervical, upper parathyroidism, musculoskeletal, bilaterally, left, cranial, right, thoracic, lumbar, spina, viscera, normative, coronary, head, center of vision, lower, paratose, impermeable, musculoskeletal, bilateral, period, spin, lumbar, flexion, paratose, 60 degrees, and extension, paratose, 20 degrees, period, fascia, lumbar, glenoid, spin, lumbar, glenoid, bilateral, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, if a radiologist has ordered extra of his cervical, spinal, lumbar, spine as an initial evacuation of the carburetor period, this has not yet been completed. So someone with acute muscle lumbar, sphagnum, sphagnum, cerebral, and thoracic spine, possible for set injury, pressure, lung, number two, acute muscle lumbar, sphagnum, sphagnum, lumbar, spine, possible for set injury, pressure, lung, number thre, left knee, contusion, pressure, lung, plantar, lung. He'll continua evacuation during the day, whatever the level of his carburetor service, before hillary of edit in four weeks or sooner if need to paraphrasia a causal statement of dislocation thank you