Dr. Rhonda King, initialization of pain, last name is G-R-A-M-B-L-I-N, first name E-R-I-C-H-A, date of birth 5-1-96, account number 227093, directional 128, directional 219 lobation Columbia Vision present today for initialization of an injury sustaire due to a motive of asthma and comorbidities. She is a resident female who works as a medial biller. On the above-mentioned issue, she was a restrained driver of a vehicle appeared. She reports a vehicle struck along the rear passenger side when another vehicle appeared. She denied the error of deployment or she did not seek any eversion treatment immediate period she was hoping that her symptoms would subside period because of persistent symptoms she present today for further eversion she has continued to work in a period where she is current complain of pain in her neck, upper back, mid-back, low back period she thinks her neck and back areas are jerked on impact period pain is present at a rate of 6 out of 10 period neck and upper back pain absorption prolonged for the regions looking up and down turning her head period she notches that when she is at a computed for extended period of time her neck and upper back will bother her period her low back pain absorption prolonged sitting as well as bending and twisting period she had anxiety, depression, ADHD, her medication regimen includes Welbutrin, Lamictal, Abilify, Lexapro, by surgical history, she has noncontributory orthopedic surgeries, allergies, pollen, family history, noncontributory orthopedic surgery, she works as a medial biller, she reports occupational tobacco use, negative fever, chills, chest pain, shortnes of breath, non-concentration area, blah, blah, incontinence, physical examination, alert and ordered, inspection of cervical and thoracic spinae, goes no more to her, she has sent a patient to pay a cervical pay, palpable muscle spasm in the lower paracirculum, upper perithoracic musculature period, she's pain with an emotion, especially with lab-tasing, lab-binding, Spurling's maneuver is negative, inspection of thoracic and lumbar spinae feels normal fine, we should send a notice to the population of the lower perithoracic and paralumbar musculature bilateral period, she's pain in lumbar flexion, peria's with only 60 degrees in ascensional, basically 20 degrees period, facility goes against pain in lumbar and bilateral issues, normal strength, no extremities, new pain medial record not so this is where I'm going to que myself to a strainer with cervical and thoracic spina with a possible facet injury portions number two. I'm going to que myself to a strainer with lumbar spina with a possible facet injury portions number one. I'm referred to for evacuation. She remains indicated with a facility where there is a scapula for service. I'm going to explant it with motion, restoration, and then function. Number two, she can take over the countertowel and ibuprofen as need. Number thre, she can work a tolerata period. She will notify the office if she is unable to perforin her work during this period. 4 weeks or sooner if need. New paragraphia, insert causal statement, end of dislocation. Thank you.