Dr. Rhonda King, initialization of pain, last name is G-R-A-M-B-L-I-N, first name E-R-I-C-H-A, date of birth 5-1-96, account number 227093, directional 128, directional 219 lobation Columbia Vision present today for initialization of an injury sustaire due to a motive of asthma and comorbidities. She is a resident female who works as a medial biller. On the above-mentioned issue, she was a restrained driver of a vehicle appeared. She reports a vehicle struck along the rear passenger side when another vehicle appeared. She denied the error of deployment or She did not seek any intervention or treatment immediate. She was hoping that her symptoms would subside, period. Because of persistent symptoms, she present today for further evacuation. She has continued to work. In practice, she is current complain of pain in her neck, upper back, mid-back, low back. She thinks her neck and back areas are jerked on impact. Her pain is present at a rate of 6 out of 10. Her neck and upper back pain is a result of prolonged physician looking up and down, turning her head. She notches that when she is at a computed for extended period of time, her neck and upper back will bother her, period. Her low back pain is a anxiety, depression, ADHD, her medication regimen includes Welbutrin, Lamictal, Abilify, Lexapro, by surgical history, she has noncontributory orthopedic surgeries, allergies, pollen, family history, noncontributory orthopedic surgery, she works as a medial biller, she reports occupational tobacco use, negative fever, chills, chest pain, shortnes of breath, non-concentration area, blah, blah, incontinence, physical examination, alert and ordered, inspection of cervical and thoracic spinae, goes no more to her, she has sent a patient to pay a cervical pay, palpable muscle spasm in the lower paracirculum, upper perithoracic musculature period, she's pain with an emotion, especially with lab-tasing, lab-binding, spurling, somatophoresis, negative, sectional thoracic, lumbar, spinae, viscerum, lumbar deformity, she's tendinitis, debulbation of the lower perithoracic, paralytic, musculature, bilateral period, she's pain in lumbar, flexion, paracitocin, lumbar extension, vasoconstriction, 20 degrees period, facility I refer to for evacuation to remain as indicated weather the facility was described or not for service and must be made up of motion, resource, method, and function. Number two, she can take over the countertowel and ibuprofen as need. Number thre, she can work a tolerata period. She will notify the office if she is unable to perforin a work-duty period. And number four, she will be re-reveted. four weeks or sooner if need new paragraphia insert causal statement end of dislocation thank you