Dr. Randi, an initial dictating assumed care note. Patient last name is MCQUAY, first name ELIZA, BETA, server 12487, account number 226748, arson 25, arson 219, lobation. Columbia patient present today for medial evacuation of intercycling due to a motivation condition. The patient is right under female, who works as an everts and marketing director, and above the patient is a train driver, vehicle patient, persona in another car. sudden turn around in front of her vehicle, period. The vehicle's collidem, period. Airways deployed. She struck her face against the airbag. She does not think she lost consciousness. She's taken the ambulance to Howard Count General Hospital, period. I just have some reports available via CRISP, period. I reviewed the ER, the ED profiber note, period. She was prescribe naproxen 500 and OSBID, period. She had CT scans and x-rays completed as well, period. I reviewed the radiology reports, period. for each of those studer, period, ct scan of the head was negative for intracranial abnormality, period, ct scan of the cervical spine was negative for fracture, period, ct scan of the maxillofacial region was negative for fracture, x-ray of the right hand was negative for fracture, and x-ray of the right elbow was negative for fracture, period. She was referred to orthopedist, period, she did see, oh, she was referred to orthopedist, period. She present here with social engineering care on lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, We're prescribe her a Medrol dose pack, comma, meloxicam 15 milligram daily to start after the Medrol dose pack is finished, comma, and referred her for occupational therapy for her hand symptoms, period. He also, um, will consumer electrodiagnostic testing if her numbness in her hand does not imprime, period. She present today for further rest. She's going to complain of pain in her neck and right wrist and right hand, period. Pain levels are present around a 4 to 5 out of 10. She has eakines and stiffness in the neck, period. It's worse than with laying down, prolonged positions, and turning her head, period. She thinks her neck jerked on impact, period. She believes her right wrist and hand jammed, period. either against the steering wheel or the airbag period she has aching pains around the wrist and into the and primarius into the thumb period sometimes there was some direct pressure as well as trying to use her hand for extended period of time opening things typing writing and griping period she has tingling primarius into the thumb but sometimes into the fourth and fifth digitus as well period She's not having any of these symptoms prior to this injury. Best mental condition includes anxiety, depression, and asthma. Best surgical history includes left knee IT surgery, comma, right knee meniscus surgery, cholecystectomy, allergies, no known drug allergies, family history, noncontributory, social history. She works as an everts and marketing director. She does not have any children. She abhors occupational, she abhors rare alcohol use. Resistance, negative fever, chills, chest pain, shortnes of breath, nausea, constipation, diarrhea, blah, blah, blah, constipation. physical exam, patient alert and ordered, inspection of cervical spinae, visceral mucosa, sonovation, paracervical, musculature, bilateral, patient's pain and emotion, main load, lateral spinae, lumbar bending, Spurling's maneuver does not elicit any ridiculous symptoms on either upper extremity, pulsus are intacs, inspection of right elbow reveals no bone deformities, she does have some bruising along the right elbow, which appears to be healing period, she does not have any tenderness to the patient along the bruise today, patient's following emotion, elbow flexion, extension, pronation, supination, inspection of right wrist center of patient along the base of the thumb along the MCP joint and IP joint period just pain with flexion about the IP and MCP joint of the thumb which is difficult with opposition as well period Carpal compression test does elicit paresthesias in her hand. Tinel's test does elicit paresthesias in her hand. New combat record, I reviewed the ER note from Howard Count General Hospital as well as the following imaging reports, colon, ct scan of the head, comma, ct scan of the cervical spine, comma, ct scan of the maxillofacial region, comma, x-rays of her right hand and x-ray of her right elbow. Periodic is reviewed in the HPI section. period. I also reviewed a history and physical note dated today from JHCP by orthopedic hand and upper extremity, Dr. Nguyen, N-G-U-Y-E-N-M-D. right wrist sprain, push ring number thre, right thumb, MCP and IP joint sprain, push ring number four, right hand, paresthesias, push ring number one. Shell continua vascular service to maintainer full motion, resorption, and function. Number two, she may continua medial dose pack as prescribe by the orthopedic specialist period i also agre with her starting meloxicam 15 milligram daily once she's completed the steroid taper to decrease pain and inflammation number thre she can work a solid number four she was referred for hand certified she was referred for occupational therapy for her hand and wrist symptoms period as she says that She's trying to find either occupational therapy or hand-certified therapy facility, but has not been able to do so with an appointment soon in the near future period. Until then, she can. Until she finds a hand-certified specialist, she may continua therapy for her wrist and hand here. Number five, I'll see you back in four weeks for a revision or sooner. If need, new paragraphia, insert causal statement, end of discission. Thank you.