Dictating for Wanda, W-A-N-D-A, Fleming, F-L-E-M-I-N-G, date of injury 10-14-2025, date of examination 1-12-2026, date of birth 1-25-1967. Wanda Fleming was referred to our office for treatment directed at the knees bilaterally. She has a diagnosis of left knee sprain and right knee contusion. Related to a slip and fall incident of 10-14-2025. At that time, Ms. Fleming fell on a step she did not see. She twisted her right knee and landed on her left knee. She was evacuated afterword at Howard Count General Hospital. We have reviewed an emergency room report. It is noted that Ms. Fleming has an extensive prior history, including a history of depression. Her medial history is noteworthy for anxiety, arthritis, asthma, fibromyalgia, reflux disease, hypertension, lumbar radiculopathy, sciatica, and arthritis. She does use medication, including anticoagulant. She continued to report knee pain bilaterally. Next paragraphia, height 5 feet 5 inchus, weight 285 pounds, blood pressure 117 over 78 millimeter, correction, 147 over 78 millimeter, mercury pulse 66 beats per minute, temperature 98.3 degrees Fahrenheit. There was bilateral knee pain and medial leg pain on the right. She was able to flex each knee to 100 degrees. Knees were stable to varus and vagus stress. Bilaterally, pain was reproduced on McMurray's test. Bilaterally, Ms. Fleming was able to bear weight on the adfected limbs. There was no swelling or dislocation. Next paragraphia. In accordance with the above noted treatment plan, we will begin treatment for Ms. Fleming thre times weekly for a four-week time period to include physiotherapy molarities, manual therapy technique, and appropriate rehabilitation exercises. She appears to be a good candida for care. Addition recommendations will be rendered afterword. We do note that Ms. Fleming is also suffering from some lumbar difficulties. She is seeking an assessment with her prior profiber and will update us recording the status of her lumbar complaint. To sign the report, Michaelis Blum, DC.