I reviewed the ER note where he was prescribe cyclobenzaprine 10 milligram BIDPRN and ibuprofen, 800 milligram TIDPRN. Period. Also reviewed imaging reports. Period. He had a CT scan of his head, which was negative for intracranial abnormality. Period. He had a CT scan of his cervical spine, which was negative for acute cervical spine fracture or spondylolisthesis. Period. He had an x-ray of his left scapula, which was negative for acute fracture or dislocation. Period. Period. He was hoping that his symptoms would subside on their own, but because of persistent pain and discomfort, he was present here at Western Area Injury Care on 21026. He was evacuated by a chiropractor. He was starter and requested a result of a chiropractor treatment. He is current not able to work. He present today for further evacuation. He is current complain of pain in his neck, upper back, mid-back, and left shoulder period. He thinks his neck, upper back, mid-back area is jerkin. His left shoulder is jammed. His pain is present in the 7 to 8 out of 10 period. His neck and upper back are pain is localized to the left shoulder pain is also extended to his shoulder blade area as a portions with trying to raise his arm reaching overwear or behind prolonged use or lifting period he feels that his left shoulder range of motion is quite limited and has not really improved since the one of your accident almost one month ago period he's also been having some anxiousnes with driving crit he was not having any of the symptoms part of this injury past medial chain not any chronic condition nor any other big surgeries allergies penicillin family chain and contributory social issue he works as a measure technician he dentes tobacco or alcohol use resistance negative fever, chills, chest pain, shortnes of breath, asthma, constipation, IVF, bowel, lung, constipation, physical, tentative, patient, alert, and ordered, inspection, cervical, and thoracic, spinae, viscera, monoclonal, it's end of vision, parasympathetic, cervical, upper, parathyroid, thoracic, intrusion, musculoskeletal, left, cranial, right, period, period, spinae, anterior, motion, special, left, left, atrial, left, left, budding, spurling, spinae, vertebrae superior aspect and along the spine of the scapula period he has significant limited range of motion period he's able to forward flex and abduction only to 30 to 45 degrees period he's quite a bit of difficult internal and external orientation period empty can test appears to be positive if i'm out of burgers reviewed an er note from northwest hospital dated 121 26 as well as the imaging reports as well as the following imaging reports colon CT scan of the head, comma, CT scan of the thoracic spine, comma, x-ray of the left scapula, comma, and CT scan of the cervical spine period. These are reviewed in the HPI section. So this is when I want to acute muscle sprain, strain of cervical and thoracic spine, possible facet injury, posttraumatic pain, or two, left shoulder sprain, strain, posttraumatic pain. I've referred him for an MRI of the left shoulder, slash, scapula, to have an internal derangement period. I've referred him to a reasonable I feel he's reasonable given his severe pain, very limited range of motion, and clinical exam is above, period. This is consistent with NIA guideline. Number two, he'll continua to be indicated with a physical service of contracture service for much pain, emotional, social, and function. Number thre, he'll remain out of work status. Number four, he may continua ibuprofen, ATM, BID, PRN for pain and inflammation as prescribe by the emergency department. Period. He has not taken the cyclobenzaprine at present. Number five will be reverted in two weeks. Required reference of causal statement and of dislocation. Thank you.