I did have reports available via CRISPR, I reviewed the ER note where he was prescribe cyclobenzaprine 10 milligram BIDPRN and ibuprofen, 800 milligram TIDPRN. Period. Also reviewed imaging reports. Period. He had a CT scan of his head, which was negative for intracranial abnormality. Period. He had a CT scan of his cervical spine, which was negative for acute cervical spine fracture or spondylolisthesis. Period. He had an x-ray of his left scapula, which was negative for acute fracture or dislocation. Period. Period. lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, pain, localized to the left shoulder pain also extend into his shoulder blade area and his portions with trying to raise his arm, reaching overwear or behind, prolonged use or lifting period. He feels that his left shoulder range of motion is quite limited and has not really improved since the motive of accident almost one month ago. Period. He's also been having some anxiousnes with driving. He was not having any of the symptoms prior to this injury. He has no chronic condition nor any orthopedic surgeries. Allergies, penicillin, family issues, noncontributory social issues. He works as a measure technician. He dentes tobacco or alcohol use resistance. negative fever, chills, chest pain, shortnes of breath, asthma, constipation, IVF, bowel, lung, constipation, physical, tentative, patient, alert, and ordered, inspection, cervical, and thoracic, spinae, viscera, monoclonal, antenna, vision, parasympathetic, cervical, upper, parathyroid, thoracic, intrusion, musculoskeletal, left, cranial, right, period, period, spinae, anterior, motion, special, left, left, atrial, left, left, budding, spurling, spinae, vertebrae, negative superior aspect and along the spine of the scapula period he has significant limited range of motion period he's able to forward flex and abduction only to 30 to 45 degrees period he's quite a bit of difficult internal and external orientation period empty can test appears to be positive if i'm out of burgers reviewed an er note from northwest hospital dated 121 26 as well as the imaging reports as well as the following imaging reports colon CT scan of the head, comma, CT scan of the thoracic spine, comma, x-ray of the left scapula, comma, and CT scan of the cervical spine period. These are reviewed in the HPI section. I feel he's reasonable given his severe pain, very limited range of motion, and clinical exam is above, period. This is consistent with NIA guideline. Number two, he'll continua to be indicated with a physical service of contracture service for much pain, emotional, social, and function. Number thre, he'll remain out of work status. Number four, he may continua ibuprofen, ADH, BID, PRN for pain and inflammation as prescribe by the emergency department. period. He has not taken the cyclobenzaprine at present. Number five will be provided in two weeks. If I reference a causal statement, end of dislocation. Thank you.