This is a followup report for patient Doreen McGurn, D-O-R-E-E-N-M-C-G-U-R-N, date of birth, May 12, 1962, date of injury, 7-29-2025, date office visit, 10-14-2025, lobation, Excelsia Injury Care Center, Chester's, PA. History of present illness. The patient return for a followup and reevaluation of the motor vehicle accident injuries that occurred on July 29, 2025. The patient is complaint with rehabilitation therapy and her medication regimen. She reports that the shoulder pain has improved. The low back pain has also improved. The knee pain persister with the left knee harting more than the right. In the paragraphia, the patient had an MRI lumbar spine on October 24, 2025. Impression, bilateral intraforaminal disc bulging left greater than right at L3-L4. Bilateral intraforaminal disc protrusion left much greater than right at L4-L5. Disc degeneration and disc protrusion at L5-S1 with right paramedian nuclear component. She had an MRI of the right knee on October 24, 2025. Impression. Impression, moderately knee joint effusion is seen. Patellar femoral articulation is intacs. Focal full thickness chondral loss with subchondral cystic change is seen in the medial patellar ridge. Extension mechanism is intacs. She had an MRI of the left knee on Decenter 2025. Impression, moderately knee joint diffusion, focal grade 3, chondromalacia in the medial patella facet, complex there in the posterior horn of the medial meniscus, diffuse grade 4 chondromalacia in the medial femoral tibial compartment with marginal osteophytosis. New paragraphia, there have been no other changes in her medial history, social history, surgical history, allergies or medication, physical examination. Tenderness with palpation is noted over the medial joint line of the left knee and lateral joint line of the right knee. No tenderness is noted with palpation over the lumbar paravertebral musculature. Range of motion testing thoracolumbar spine range of motion is full. Knee flexion remains decreased to 110 degrees bilaterally. Dr. Mohammed Alwahaidy, DC, Excelsia, chiropractic, subluxation, intervention, intervention, intervention, intervention, Chondromalacia patella, period, right knee, focal, I'm sorry, scratch that, right knee effusion, period. Next number, posttraumatic muscular ligamentous strain and strain of the lumbar spine, multilevel lumbar disc protrusion. Next number, bilateral shoulder sprain and strain left greater than right next number intercostal muscle strain left plan intervention none the patient decline evacuation with orthopedist or interventional pain management imaging slash diagnostic studer nothing else therapy she will continua rehabilitation therapy DME nothing dispense referrals the patient decline orthopedic evacuation medication she will continua her regimen which includes 5% apical patches 12 hours on 12 hours off as need for pain relief and Diclofenac, 3% optical gel as need for pain relief. She's aware of the benefin and side effects of the prescribe medication. Followup. She will be re-evaluated in four weeks.