This is Dr. Eric Lim, taking care of your patient Alan Rico, that's A-L-A-N, Rico, R-I-C-O, date of birth is 8-4-1950, date of injury 2-15-2025, date of visit 3-10-2026, lobation, Excellency Injury Care, Wilmington, Delaware, followup visit, history of present illness. Mr. Alan Rico is a 75-year-old male who was sent to the office today for a reevaluation of injuries sustaire in a motor vehicle accident that occurred on 2-15-2025. The patient reports that his low back pain has improved after he receiver a lumbar epidural serum injection with me on 2-24-2026. He reports He reports that the injection did provide significant improvement of his low back pain. He reports a minor low back pain, which he rates at a 3 to 4 out of 10 on a 1 to 10 scale. He states that he does have occupational stiffness in the low back, worse at night. but he feels that his range of motion has improved as well. But not but, he also reports that his range of motion has improved as well in his low back. He does wish to pricked with a final lumbar epidural sero-injection. He feels that His low back pain continued to imprime with each injection he has receiver. He dentes any other changes to his past medial history, surgical history, allergies, medication, or social history. On review of system, permanent finding, or as per this present list, are those unremarkable. Physical examination, the patient is a 75-year-old male who is alert, awake, and wants to divert a place in time. Head is normal, spondyloscopic, and intramuscular extremities are negative. Skin is intacs. Skin is intacs. no bruising because of laceration, no more osteo-radian pattern. Palpation, there is minimal tenderness to palpation over the lumbar paraspinal musculature bilaterally. And range of motion testing, there was 400 motion in the lumbar spine with some discomfort noted toward the end range of motion. Orthopedic testing, straight leg raise is negative bilaterally. Therems a mildly positive lumbar vasodilating sign bilaterally. Neurologic sensation is in the dactylitis and extremities. D10 reflexes, two points of symmetric motor strength testings, five to five in all extremities, gait is steady, volatilize devic's. Diagnosis number one, lumbar radiculopathy with a left L5 radiculopathy and a right L4-5 nerve root irritation with multilevel disc bulging. Number two, lumbar sprain strain. Number thre, thoracic sprain strain with edematous. Modic type one end plate changes at a T5-6, T6-7, T8-9, and T9-10. Number four, myofascial pain with muscle spasm. Planned intervention, the patient will be schedule for a lumbar epidural steroid injection at L5-S1 with a left bias under fluoroscopy. The patient has previously receiver a lumbar epidural steroid injection at L5-S1 on 12-23-25 and on 2-24-26 and he reports significant improvement of his low back pain after each injection. He feels that his pain continued to imprime after each procedure.