This is Dr. Eric Lamb, Deakin River patient, David Paez. That's D-A-V-I-D, Paez, P-A-E-Z. Date of birth is 2-8-1975. Date of injury, 5-18-2024. Date of visit, 3-11-2026. Lobation, Excelsior Injury Care, Grant Avenue. Pain constipation. History of present illness, Mr. David Paez is a 50-year-old right-handed male. Sorry, Mr. David Paez is a 51-year-old right-handed male. who was at the office today for evacuation of injuries sustaire in a work-related accident that occurred on 5-18-2024. Division reports that he was working for PennDOT, that's P-E-N-N-D-O-T, as a heavy equipotent operator at the time of the injury, and he states that on the day of the injury he was working and he was told to shovel rock salt from the top piles of stored salt. The piles were approximate two stripes high, and he was told to shovel the salt down the pile. He did thre piles and he went home and the next day he woke up in severe pain and was unable to get out of bed and he couldn't walk. He says that he continued to experience significant low back pain and neck pain. He states that the low back pain bothers him the most and the low back pain is constant. And he states that his neck has been bothering him increasingly He says that he recent had a flare-up of his neck pain. He has difficult bending and lifting due to his pain, and he has difficult with standing and sitting for prolonged period, which aggregate his pain. He has not been able to return to work due to his injuries. He continued with his therapia here at this clinic. He did complete a CT scan of the lumbar spine on 10-1-2024, which shower grade 1 spondylolisthesis. L5 on S1 with bilateral pars intraarticular defect. He has been going to pain management with pinnace pain with Dr. Rosenthal. That's R-O-S-E-N-T-H-A-L, D-O, Dr. Rosenthal. He has had a lumbar epidural steroid injection and a lumbar radiofrequency ablation. He states that his back pain got worse after the lumbar radiofrequency ablation. He does not wish to have any more spine injection at this time. He was not able to get an MRI due to hardware in his jaw due to a prior fracture. He reports low back pain, which is predominantly axial and constant. He. Dentes any changes in his past medial history, surgical history, allergies, medication, or social history. On review of system, permanent finding, or aspects of this, but none of the others are remarkable. Physical examination, the patient is a 51-year-old male who is alert, awake, and went to the first place in time. Head is normal, spastic, and traumatic extremities are negative for signs of community edema. Proof of pulse is intacs. Skin is intacs. No bruising, cuts, or laceration. Normal surgery rate and pattern. Palpation, therems tenuous palpation over the cervical and lumbar paraspinal musculature bilaterally. Therems palpable spasms noted in the cervical paraspinal, upper trapezius, and lumbar paraspinal musculature. Range of motion testing, therems four range of motion on cervical spine with some discomfort noted toward the end range of rotation, and therems diminished range of motion on the lumbar spine with pain noted toward the end range of motion. Pain noted toward the end range of motion. Orthopedic testing, Spurling sign is positive. Therems a negative straight leg raise. Therems negative, I'll lay here mid-sign. Neurologic sensation is intacs, light touch on all extremities. Muscle strength testing is five out of five in all extremities. D10 reflexes were one plus and symmetric in the lower extremities. and one plus and symmetric in the upper extremities. Gait was steady without assistive devic's. Diagnosis number one, cervical collagen number two, cervical sprain strain number thre, low back pain number four, lumbar sprain strain number five, lumbar spondylolisthesis with bilateral pars intraarticular defect, L5 on S1, Number six, lumbar degenerative disc disease. Number seven, lumbar facet syndrome. Number eight, spasm of the back. Number nine, myofascial pain. Planned intervention, no intervention schedule at this time. The patient did receiver a lumbar epidural serum injection at L5-S1 on 2-4-2025 and a lumbar radiofrequency ablation for the left L5-S1 level on 8-8-2025 at pinnace pain. The patient states that the lumbar RFA did not help and his low back pain felt worse. The patient does not want any further injection at this time. Image key diagnostic studer, the patient completed the CT scan of the lumbar spine on 10-1-2024. He is unable to receiver MRIs due to metallic hardware in his jaw due to a prior fracture. Therapy, the patient will continua to benefin from ongoing outpatient chiropractic and revalidated program. The patient was given a new prescription for Scalaris, 800 mg tables, PO, TID, PRM for spasms, and Jornavix. That's J-O-U-R-N-A-V-X. Jornavix, 50 mg tables, PO, TID, PRM for spasms, and Jornavix. P.O. Daily PRN for pain 29 tables were dispensed for 14 days The risk and benefin of the medication will discus the patient's basic and special understanding. Recommended followup, or sorry, work status. The patient remains out of work at this time. It is my opinion that he is unable to return to his pre-injury job duties. Recommended followup. The patient will followup up in four to six weeks for evacuation. Eric Lam, DO Indictation.