initial visit patient name is james berlanger j-a-m-e-s-b-e-r-l-a-n-g-e-r date of birth is 3-30-81 date of increase to 11-26 date of visit is 3-11-26 lobation is excel pain care center port richmond pa history president ellis mr berlanger b-e-r-l-a-n-g-e-r um is a 44 year old man who present office today for evacuation and injury sustaire in a fall slash persona incident that occurred on 2-11-26. Patient was walking on a sidewalk at 6th and Sprue in front of this workplace. Sprue Street is S-P-R-U-C-E. He slipped on ice and fell backward, hit his head and neck and low back. Patient experiencing loss of consciousness. patient and seek medial attention at Penn Emergency Room Hospital where he was examined. No diagnostic imaging was preformed. Report is not available for me for review at this time. Report will be requested. um current complaint today patient present complaint of ongoing headache holocranial in nature report photophobia report nausea and vomiting oh headache can happen every day um today is the worst of the nausea um patient state that um nausea fluctuate headache fluctuate in nature um however he dentes any blurry vision double vision photophobia or any memory issue or concentration issue and related to the headache. Patient report neck pain that radiate into the shoulder blades. Patient state the lower back pain is more actual in nature and has been modestly improving. Neonatal irradiation along the lower extremities. Patient state pain does interfere with the daily living and work. Dentes a feeling of weaknes such as a bowel slash bladder or some of the aforementioned medial history. patient report history of migraine, no medication, pervious accident or injury, dentes, pathological history, broken right hand, without heart wear, allergies, no known drug allergies, medication, patient dentes, social history, smoking, yes, alcohol, social, occupational of pharmacy, manager, physical examination, I'm sorry, system review, system positive, finding a prehistory present, otherwise it is unremarkable. On physical examination, patient awake or oriental to a present place and time, head is normal cephalic, neuro-traumatic, excise me, negative plenus, discovery of edema, prehospital, sacroiliac, I'm sorry, normal vascularis pattern, abdominis up, non-tender, scan, sacroiliac, cattle, ulceration. On a palpation of the cervical spine, l spinae, lumbar, spinae are full with mild to moderately pain and damage. Neurologic sensation and impact by poliostimuli. Examination of cardiovascular and poliostimuli. Study without any assistive devic's. Data reviewed on image for study, will for review. Assessment is my professional medial opinion with a reasonable degre of medial certainty that therems a direct cause of those attributes in the accident that occur on 2-11-26. And James Berlanger, presentation today, diagnosis 1. posttraumatic headache, two, posttraumatic, I'm sorry, one, posttraumatic headache, two, cervical sprain, flash, strain, thre, lumbar sprain, flash, strain, four, myofascial pain, plant intention. Now, at this time, pending imaging response to medial management and therapy. Discus with the patient in regards of continua knowledge of your environment and advise the patient to go to the imaging room if the symptoms worsen, patient express understanding. also discussive with patient in regards of ordering a ct scan of his head due to patient state that Penn emergency room hospital did not order imaging for him imaging such diagnostic study MRI of the cervical and lumbar spines are ordered pending result addition ct scan of his the ct scan of a head is ordered today um whitten 3-11-26 pending result therapy the patient may consumer benefin from ongoing outpatient chiropractic and hepatic program placing like cardio stretching and traing insite your area the immune um referred patient has a pending referred for um concussive um evacuation referred um i'm sorry work status non-medication patient is deferring any kind of medication no medication prescribe today I recommend a followup patient. We'll followup up again in six to eight weeks for the evacuation, corneal entasia, CRNP.