followup notes patient name is williams torres w-a-l-l-i-a-m-t-o-r-r-e-s date of birth is 12-28-92 date of injury 7-23-25 um data visit is um 3-11-26 lobation at filth injury center poor richards p.i history president ellis mr torres p-o-r-r-e-s is 33-year-old male representative for 3, vaginal injury, sustaire in a motor vehicle accident on 7-23-25. Patient report that his pending cervical epidural strain injection will be preformed on March 26, 2026. Patient state that neck pain and lower back pain stil radiate along the bilateral upper and bilateral lower extremities. Patient state that hypoactivity, such as walking, bending, lifting, prone sitting, stil aggravates the pain. Patient state pain stil does interfere with their living, work, and sleep. However, he did not see any cues outside of weaknes, so both slash battle, so anesthesia. Patient did not see any changes in medial history, medial regimen, allergies, circulation, social history, resistance, positive, or above, otherwise it is not remarkable. On physical examination, patient is awake or in this person's place and time, head is non-sympathetic, skin attack, meridian, cut to laceration, lapel, patient with cervical, lumbar, paraspinal, musculoskeletal, patient with sphincter, orthopedic, testing, perithoracic, Spurling, perithoracic, straight leg, test, range of motion, testing, rotation, extension, flexion, cervical, spinal, lumbar, sphincter, full, with mouth, motor, pain, D, and range, neurologic, sensation, intracranial, diagnosis 1 cervical sprain slash strain with cervical disc disease comma multilevel and cervical disc herniation at c5-c6, c6-c7, EMG conformation of the right c6 nerve loop irritation, 2 lumbar sprain slash strain, 3 myofascial pain plan intervention. Patient moving forward with cervical epidural injection will be preformed 3-26-26. Imaging slash diagnostic study. patient with older amyloid lumbar spine will be preformed on 3-17-26 due to ongoing pain. Pediatrics will continua to benefin from ongoing outpatient chiropractic and chiropractic program, including light cardio stretching and traing to the injured area. Damienon, referred, consumer referred for physical therapy for next visit. Medication, patient may consumer an approximate 550 milligram tablet every 12 hours if need for pain with food. flexor, tenmogentel, 1 QHSS need for muscle styrofoam, and latic infarction patches by 1 to 3 patches need for pain, 12 hours on, 12 hours off. Medication are for persona benefin, discission, education, patient instructive, understanding. Recommend a followup patient. We'll followup up again in 6 to 8 weeks for reevaluation. We have a page on CRMP.