followup notes patient name is williams torres w-a-l-l-i-a-m-t-o-r-r-e-s date of birth is 12-28-92 date of injury 7-23-25 um data visit is um 3-11-26 lobation at filth injury center poor richards pia history president ellis mr torres p-o-r-r-e-s is 33 year old male representative for vial, angiogenesis, pain in the motor vehicle accident on 7-23-25. Patient report that his pending cervical epidural surgery injection will be preformed on March 26, 2026. Patient state that neck pain and lower back pain stil radiate along the bilateral upper and bilateral lower extremities. Patient state that prolactin, such as walking, bending, lifting, prone sitting, stil aggravates the pain. Patient state pain stil does interfere with their living, work, and sleep. However, he did not see any cues outside of weaknes, so both slash battle, so anesthesia. Patient did not see any changes in medial history, medial regimen, allergies, circulation, social history, resistance, positive, or above, otherwise it is not remarkable. On physical examination, patient is awake, or in this person's place and time, head is non-sympathetic, skin, technology, cut, laceration, lapel, patient, cervical, and lumbar, paraspinal, musculoskeletal, patient was tender, orthopedic, testing, paracetamol, Spurling, paracetamol, paracetamol, paracetamol, paracetamol, paracetamol, paracetamol, paracetamol, paracetamol, paracetamol, paracetamol, paracetamol, diagnosis 1 cervical sprain slash strain with cervical disc disease comma multilevel and cervical disc herniation at c5-c6, c6-c7, EMG conformation of the right c6 nerve loop irritation, 2 lumbar sprain slash strain, 3 myofascial pain plan intervention. Patient moving forward with cervical epidural injection will be preformed 3-26-26. Imaging slash diagnostic study. patient with older amyloid lumbar spine will be preformed on 3-17-26 due to ongoing pain. Therapeutic patient will continua to benefin from ongoing outpatient chiropractic and health care program, including light cardio stretching and traing to the injured area. Damien on referred, consumer referred for physical therapy for next visit. Medication, patient may consumer an approximate 550 milligram tablet every 12 hours if need for pain with food. flexural, tendril, patella, one QHS is need for muscle styrofoam and latic infarction patches by one to thre patches is need for pain, 12 hours on, 12 hours off. Medication are for persona benefin, discission, education, patient instructive, understanding. Recommend a followup patient. We'll followup up again in six to eight weeks for reevaluation. We have a page on CRNP.