Dependently obtained followup for the Haven-Pollard East American patient. 4-14-63 is his birthdate. 1-31-26 is the accident. 3-11-26 today, period, paragraphia. Patient's here for followup visit for an MDA from 1-31-26, period. Remains in severe pain. back pain, neck pain, radicular and sciatic symptoms, pain is almost constant, unable to sleep, unable to ambulate, period. Some right shoulder pain persister, period. The patient did get the diagnostic studer done, specifically x-ray of his right elbow, MRI for cervical lumbar spine, and EMG of the upper extremities. Did not get the shoulder MRI yet, period, paragraphia. The reports and images of these diagnostics are reviewed by me, personality discussed with the patient, period. The x-ray of his right elbow shower no acute bone abnormalities, period. The EMG of the upper extremity shower cervical radiculopathy as right C4, C5, and right C5, C6. with a mild bilateral sensory medial neuropathy. MRI of his lumbar spine shows broad-basis protrusion right greater than left with neuro-pyramidal narrowings L4-L5 and broad-basis protrusion left greater than right neuro-pyramidic L5-S1 along with a disc bulge L3-L4. shows multilevel disc herniations and disc bulging from C2 to T1, most significant at C4, C5, and C5, C6. Power graph. Fiscal exam, tendinitis and spasm in the cervical and lumbar spine period. The patient is wearing a back brace. Tendinitis in the right shoulder with this decreased range of motion period. Straight leg raising testing and Spurling's testing. are positive bilaterally, period, paragraphia, compression, posttraumatic, post-clinical, mental strain, sprain, cervical, thoracic, and lumbar, spine, with multilevel disease, radiculopathy, and aggregation, general change, number two, posttraumatic, right shoulder, strain, sprain, with endopath, and Pidman syndrome, and aggregation, general changes, number two, posttraumatic, right elbow, strain, sprain, with lateral buccal, bilitis, paragraphia, plan, continued with current therapy and meds, which includes Mobic 15 milligram, antiinflammatory, Q-day, flexural 10 milligram, Q-8 hours, muscle relaxant, lateral defibrillation patches, Period. A prescription for Ultran 50, number 60, Q6 hours. Period. Painkiller was prescribe. Period. MRI of his right shoulder is pending. Period. Paragraphia discussed the importance of being followup up with IVPM for possible epidural injection. Period. Patient is deathly afraid of injection and refused the referred current, period. We'll think about it, period. Followup up with us in four weeks. Williams Pavlin, D.