It depends on the patient's followup. For the Haven-Pollard Eastern American patient, 4-14-63 is his birthdate, 131-26 is the accident, 3-11-26 today, period, paragraphia. Patient's here for a followup visit for an MDA from 131-26, period, remains in severe pain. back pain, neck pain, radicular and sciatic symptoms, pain is almost constant, unable to sleep, unable to ambulate, period. Some right shoulder pain persister, period. The patient did get the diagnostic studer done, specifically x-ray of his right elbow, MRI for cervical lumbar spine, and EMG of the upper extremities. Did not get the shoulder MRI yet, period, paragraphia. the reports and images of these diagnostics as reviewed by me personality discussed with patient period the x-ray of this right elbow shower no acute bone abnormalities period the EMG of the episome shower cervical radiculopathy as right c4 c5 and right c5 c6 with a mild bilateral sensory medial neuropathy. MRI of his lumbar spine shows broad-basis protrusion, right greater than left with neuro-pyramidal narrowings L4-L5 and broad-basis protrusion, left greater than right neuro-pyramidic L5-S1 along with a disc bulge L3-L4. and the cervical spine shows multi-level disc herniations and disc bulging from c2 to t1 most significant at c4 c5 and c5 c6 um power graph physical exam, tendinitis and spasm, cervical, lumbar, spine, period. The patient is wearing a back brace, tendinitis in the right shoulder with this decreased range of motion, period. Straight leg raising testing and Spurling's testings. are positive bilaterally, period, paragraphia, compression, posttraumatic, post-clinical, mental strain, sprain, cervical, thoracic, and lumbar spine. With multilevel disease, radiculopathy, and aggregation, you haven't charged. Number two, posttraumatic, right shoulder strain, sprain, with a monopathy, the Pidman syndrome, and aggregation, you haven't charged. Number two, posttraumatic, right elbow strain, sprain period. A prescription for Ultran 50 number 60 Q6 hours period. Painkiller was prescribe period. MRI of his right shoulder is pending period. Paragraphia discussed the importance of being followup up with IVPM for possible epidural injection period. Patient is deathly afraid of injection and refused the referred current, period. We'll think about it, period. Followup up with us in four weeks. Williams Pavlin, D.