probably simple they take a initial neurologia evacuation for a particula same muhammad m-u-h-a-m-m-a-d last name k-h-a-n date of birth is 8-25-96-69 auto accident date 12-13-25 date of exam is 12-5-26 date of exam is k-n-o-m-m-i-r-c-h-a-n k-h-a-n is a 56 year old male who present for evacuation of headache And for, for, for, for, for, again, for this, we refer by Dr. Daniel Peary, he's on a cognitive disability. He's swaying with us. We'd like to go ahead and exit. Patient was involved in an automatic action on 12-13-2025. Patient was a C-flow driver. when his vehicle was were ended period there was no airbag deployment common no lots of constant no lots of constant but he must have been drunk when in a sleep period he didn't have to take any hospital or the care treatment in a sleep period first assessment with the associate in your care period patient say that since the automatic has headache are now twice a week lasting 10 minutes or less with estimate if you're attending he has something hey what neck pain five out of ten he dentes the history of headache he has trauma or a student peria's instantly he doesn't understain the mood will increase irritability and depression, also changes in the cortex, either with short-term memory loss, hard to concentrate and hard to focus, period. He says he's sleeping with the same as before an accident, next is past medial history, MVA 2024, period. This is his second MVA in 2025, one in August and one in Decenter, period. He says he stil complain, hurt in some other areas, but his pain is improving, period. period, next in the circle of histories, none, next in the ologies, no drug ologies, next in the crime medication, metformin, adjardients, next in the family history, diabetes, next in the social history, people who have dominoes, he's off work by Dr. Dunn, period, he's single with two children, he missed his tobacco, he denied any alcohol, drug use, neck syndrome, weevil, cystic reflux, patient in their form, he's fighting for headache, neck pain, irritability, next to physical examination is the AWAR, pain, marrow, neural acute, D, D, D, D, D, stres, he's alert, anorexia, thalamus, thre, affect, isopropanol, mood, anorexia, square head, is, anorexia, fog, and, and, and, HMAC, atrium, acromio, urinary tract tissue, leg tension, upper lobe, femoral attack, colon, spleen, nose, throat, and saggy vagalis, cervical spine, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, with, I will enrol him in PC4 cervical, genin, and haste, and cruciabendic, cruciabendic, lumen, over a function of common cognitive, every fourth cognitive complaint period. He said that he followup up with his family doctor last week to be sent to a neurologist to be worked up for a dementia or other cognitive issues due to his ongoing. d-d-a decline with the symptom period period I will have him for up to six weeks to check on the regression and his weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight weight