paul-peace mbda initial neurologia evacuation for a persona whose name is muhammad m-u-h-a-m-m-a-d last name k-h-a-n date of birth is 8-25-96-69 auto accident date 12-13-25 date of exam is 12-5-26 date of exam is k-n-o-m-m-i-r-c-h-a-n k-h-a-n is a 56-year-old male who present for evacuation of headache And for, for, for, for, for, again, for this, we refer by Dr. Daniel Peary. He's on a cognitive disability. He's trained with. Patient was involved in an on-the-back on 12-13-2025. Patient was a C4 driver. when his vehicle was were in the period there was no airbag deployment cooing no lots of constant no lots of constant he must have been drunk when in the sleep period he's not sick any hospital or the care treatment in the sleep period first assessment with the associate in your care period patient say that since the automatic has headache are now twice a week lasting 10 minutes or less with estimate if you're attending he has something hey what neck pain five out of ten he dentes the history of headache he has trauma or a student peria's instantly he doesn't understain the mood will increase he says he stil complain hurt in some other areas but his pain is improving period nick circle histories none next next is he's off work by dr dunn period. He's single with two children. He missed his tobacco. He denied any alcohol, drug use, neck syndrome, weevil, cystic reflux, patient in their form. He's fighting for headache, neck pain, irritability. Next to physical examination is the A-word, pain, marrow, no acute D. They stres. He's alert and running at times thre. Affect is appropriate. Moving them with a physical area. His number is 5-N-N-N-H-M-A-T-H-R-O-C-A-M-O-S-A-R-N-T-A-T-C-R-A-N-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T. I will engaged him I will enrol him in PC4-Circular Genetic Hastings and Cruciate Palliative Lumen over a function of common cognitive theory for his cognitive complaint period. He said that he followup up with his family doctor last week to be sent to a neurologist to be worked up for a dementia or other cognitive issues due to his ongoing the decline with the symptom, period. Period. I will have him for up to six weeks to check on progression and his weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight, weight