This is Dr. Eric Lim, taking care of your patient, Alan Rico. That's A-L-A-N, Rico, R-I-C-O. Date of birth is 8-4-1950. Date of injury, 2-15-2025. Date of visit, 3-10-2026. Lobation, Excellency Injury Care, Wilmington, Delaware. Followup visit, history of present illness. Mr. Alan Rico is a 75-year-old male who was sent to the office today for a after he receiver a lumbar epidural serum injection with me on on 2 2 slash 24 slash 2026 he reports um He reports that the injection did provide significant improvement of his low back pain. He reports a minor low back pain, which he rates at a 3 to 4 out of 10 on a 1 to 10 scale. He states that he does have occupational stiffness in the low back, worse at night. but um he feels that his range of motion has improved as well but not but you can put he also reports that his range of motion has improved as well in his low back um he um um he does wish to pricked with a a final lumbar epidural sero injection um he feels that His low back pain continued to imprime with each injection he has receiver. He dentes any other changes to his past medial history, surgical history, allergies, medication, or social history. On review of system, permanent finding, or as per this present analysis, are those unremarkable? Physical examination, the patient is a 75-year-old male who is alert, awake, and wants to divert a place in time. Head is normal, spondyloscopic, and intramuscular extremities are negative signs of cooing edema. Peripheral pulsus no bruising because of laceration no more osteo-radian pattern palpation there is um minimal tennis palpation over the lumbar paraspinal musculature bilaterally and range of motion testing therems 400 motion lumbar spine with some discomfort noted toward the energy of the motion and range of motion with video testing straight leg raise negative bilaterally therems a mildly positive lumbar vasodilating sign bilaterally neurologic sensation is intacs electrical extremities T10 reflexes, 2 plus and symmetric, motor strength testings, 5 to 5, anoxomer, gait is steady, volatile, devic's, diagnosis, number 1, lumbar radiculopathy with a left L5 radiculopathy and a right L4-5, nerve root irritation with multilevel disc bulging, number 2, lumbar sprain strain, number 3, thoracic sprain strain with edematous, modic type 1, end plate changes at a T5-6, number four myofascial pain with muscle spasm planned intervention the patient will be schedule for a lumbar epidural serum injection at l5-s1 with a left bias under fluoroscopy the patient has previously receiver a lumbar epidural serum injection at l5-s1 on 12-23-25 and on 2-24-2026 and he reports significant improvement of his low back pain after each injection he feels that his pain continued to imprime after each procedure imaging, diagnostic studer, no further studer ordered at this time. The patient has completed an MRI of the thoracic and lumbar spine on 6-12-2025 and an EMG at the lower extremities on 6-25-25. Therapy of the patient will continua to benefin from ongoing outpatient chiropractic and real blood data program here at this clinic. DME, no DME dispense today, referrals, no referrals given today. Medication of the patient will continua with lidocaine 5% patches to be applied to their pain.