Dr. Roger Jody Givler, G-I-V-L-E-R, date of birth, 9-24-62, date of action, 7-3-24. Today is 2-2-26 at White Marsh. Subject of Mr. Gilmer's referred back for a patient, Dr. Dunn, at where do you see him? In Essex, Mr. Givler. See you today for a diagnostic evacuation. upper extremity symptoms, period. I saw him most recent, whatever that was. The patient's been having continued pain, tingling, numbness, and weaknes in his upper extremities. Tingling and numbness, periarticular in the fourth and fifth fingers of his hands, left more so than right. He's getting clammier. He's getting weaker. Period. He has not been able to return to work and indeed has lost his job. Period. His diabetes continued under control. Do you know what your A1C is? His most recent A1C he recall at 7.0. Period. Period. dentes intercurrent rheumatoid medial problem check down examination of the weaknes is noted left more so than right tenderness of the ulnar nerve at the elbow vascular is an open motor neuron signs are noted period nerve conduction studer segmental motor and sensory connection formed by lambing the upper extremities period slowing the motor reflex and sensory connection was noted continued to be significant slowing of the left ulnar motor conduction acros the elbow worse than what was noted on 8-28-24 period. Ulnar centriolar response is unobtainable. Some slung of right ulnar motor conduction acros the elbow's nose. Some focal slung by lateral medial central conduction through the carpal tunnel is noted. Period. Electromyography, electromyography of both upper extremities was preformed. Extensive epidermitis in the left C8 distribution can continua in the radial medial. And ulnar C8 intrinsic and extrinsic musculature period. On the left period, minimal irritability in the right ulnar intrinsic head muscles period. Assessment of the patient continued with a significant left C8 radiculopathy period. There needs to be a significant left ulnar neuropathy at the elbow, worse than when the patient was last seen. Period. The bilateral carpal tunnel symptoms are noted The right ulnar neuropathy, the elbow has improved somewhat, period. The generalized peripheral neuropathy continued as does the bilateral carpal tunnel syndrome, fundamental unchanged, period. The paragraphia patient is return for further management.