Bobby simple dictating a initial neurologia evacuation for a patient first name, T-O-N-Y-A, last name D-O-R-S-E-Y, R-X-A-10-5, 2025, date of birth is 10-10-1968, date of exam is 2-5-2-6-6, place of exam is K-E-0-M-S-T-O-R-C-D-A-D-O-R-S-E-Y, is a 57-year-old female who present to a neuroclinic for evacuation of headache, we've heard about the doctor truste of a period she's out of company history 10 was reliable next to some history and an auto accident on 10-5-2025 for a patient with a seatbelt driver restraint when her vehicle was for in their period there was no airbag deployment common no loss of confidence but she missed it being jerked when an athlete's period she went to Pennsylvania Medial Center, they did CT scans of her head, cervical spine, chest, abdomen, pelvis, aqueous of her left tibia were obtained, period. CT of the head and cervical spine were negative for acute abnormality, period. She was being treated with Excelsia Injury Care in Pennsylvania due to where she was living. Now she's moving to Maryland to transition period. She's been ashing a neurologist from her headache post-accident period. Her headache are 45 times a week, ashing all day at the University of six out of ten she assaulted her head with neck pain six out of ten she denied the history of head trauma she denied the history of head trauma she denied the history of head trauma she denied the history of head trauma she denied the history of head trauma she denied the history of head trauma she denied the history of head trauma She works as a U.S. Postal Service Carrier Off Worked by Dr. Truro Seablood, Period. Next, we'll be assassin the receiver patient's endocrine response for headache, neck pain, blood pressure, and dissonance. Next, let's go to the examination. This is a weapon. Female, no acute distress. She's alert and oriental. Times thre. Affect is appropriate. Movement is normal. Sixth period. Head is normal. Five and eight should not. Extra-acromas are on attack. Crane or two. Civil goes to attack. Human goes to attack. on both their peak and worst day of them on our task of the motion on the map out of this is too late to send up a lotion or attack or screen of the thing that i think i wish i had a so finally be positive or pres part of the chief i had a proportion of the greater up in their neck next to the next aspect of the one that's a blow to rise in the extra product of the post my headache big visual discomfort next to the six-fifth because the plant if it takes a post-match circle get down in the kitchen as a result of her.