Dr. Moynahan, initial evacuation, presentation, J-O-H-N-S-1, J-O-H-N-S-1 for some D-R-R-I-C-K, 0-5-4-89, account number 2-2-6-5-3-7, data vaccine 1-25-0-H-N-2-17, lobation, Paterson, patient present today for initial evacuation of injury sustaire due to an incident that could involve disease, running metal works with a carpel clearer. On the above date, he reports that he was at a rehab facility for an unrelated injury when He was going to the cafeteria, period. Unfortunately, while doing so, he fell down 12 stairs, period. He's unsure if he hit his head or lost consciousness, period. He's taken an ambulance to Christian, C-R-I-S-T-I-A-N-A Hospital, period. He thinks he had some imaging done there, but he was unsure exact what was scanner, period. He was told that, quote, or he was told that a, quote, rod shotted, end quote, in his left leg. thigh from his pervious left femur surgery period he went back to the facility um but then eventually left the facility and um but then eventually left the facility pretts present to say for further eversion new paraphernal of headache of those pain is neck upper back mid back low back and left thigh period um his pains are rated as a 6 out of 10 his headache are intermittent but he has been noticing light sensitivity and forgetfulnes period his neck and upper back pain is worse than plank position during his head low back pain, abduction, bending, twisting, and lifting period his left thigh pain is worse than direct pressure of his left thigh as well as trying to bear weight for extended period of time or climb stairs period he's been using critchet period he reports that he was at this rehab facility because he sustaire numerous gunshot wounds in September of 2025 period it resected in among other injuries the gunshot injury resected in his femur bone quote scattering end quote period as such in September 25 he underwent left femur surgery and states that he had he has a rod there period he dentes any neck or back he dentes any residual neck or back issues since this gunshot injury he dentes any significant residual neck or back issues since this gunshot injury period he says he was not having any of these headache symptoms nor his neck and back symptoms prior to the fall on the update post-medical lesion includes hypertension for which he's not current taking any medication period he has a history of gunshot injury in September 2025 with the result in left thigh surgery or with the result in left femur surgery allergies, motrin, penicillin, Tylenol, family trauma, contributory social history works as a carpel clearer but has been unable to work um um head, willis', norsic, head, therems no focal deflection, lumbar, gestation, bilateral, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar it's an eversion path, it has some problem with the bilateral, it has pain in the lumbar, flexion path, it has like 45 degrees in the central, it has 20 degrees, it has pain in the lumbar region, bilaterally, it has adequate strength for today's day living, it has a special left thigh, it has no bony foreign experience, it has an eversion along the anterior and lateral aspects of the thigh, it has pain in the thigh with range of motion of the hip and knee, it has difficult with weight bearing, it has been using critchet, perimenoparesis or post-perimenoparesis from Christian, CR, IST, INA. Hospital-prepared preparation. He had numerous scans done there. Apparent, they said there was some diagnostic testing that shower that, quote, the rod shotted, end quote, in his femur. Period. If I read it, I'll defer D-E-F-E-R. Any addition imaging at this point until I have right medial record from Christian, C-R-I-S-T-I-N-A. Assessment number one. Posttraumatic headache with associated symptoms of lightheadednes and forgetfulnes. Number two, acute muscle restriction of cerebral and thoracic spine. Posttraumatic number thre, acute muscle restriction of lumbar spine. Possible, sorry, number thre, acute muscle restriction of lumbar spine. Posttraumatic number four, left thigh injury. superimposed on a period of history of left thigh, left femur surgery, posttraumatic. Plan of run, I've referred him for physical therapy, number one, plan of run, I've referred him for a vaccine treatment as indicated with our physical therapy as a copyrighted service. To him, he's paid a promotion of social and functional therapy. I've referred him for therapy for his cervical spine, lumbar spine, period. I defer D-E-F-E-R any treatment to his left thigh to one of our orthopedic specialist. Number two, I've referred him to one of our orthopedic specialist for preservative of his left thigh injury period. He has a history of left femur surgery in September 2025 and states that in the emergency department he was told that the, quote, rod shotted, end quote, period. Number thre, I referred him to neurology for further evacuation of his head injury with associated symptoms of forgetfulnes and light sensitivity. Number four, he may not have work status. Number five, he'll be ruvite in four weeks. New paragraphia, insert causal statement, end of dislocation. Thank you.