This is Dr. Eric Lam, Dick Henry patient, Challenge Carteri. That's C-H-A-R-L-E-N-E, Carteri, C-A-R-T-E-R. Date of birth is 12-11-1978. Date of injury, 9-29-2025. Date of visit, 3-10-2026. Lobation, Excelsior Injury Care, Wilmington, Delaware. Initial evacuation, Mr. President Ellis. Ms. Challenge Carteri is a 47-year-old right-handed female who present the office today for evacuation of injuries sustaire in a pedestrian versus motor vehicle accident that occurred on 9-29-2025. Activation reports that on that date, she was walking with her daughter and her granddaughter acros an intersection of North Madison and Folk Road, that's Folk, F-O-U-L-K, when she was struck by a car on her left side. She states that her daughter was struck first and then she was struck by the car. She dentes head trauma, she dentes loss of consciousness. She says that police did argive on scene, as well as EMS, and she declined going to the hospital. She did, due to persistent pain, the patient began chiropractic treatment at this clinic on 11-13-2025. The patient, or current complaint, the patient complain of low back pain, left hip pain, left buttock pain and left knee pain. The patient states that the left knee bothers her the most. Her left knee MRI was completed. You can put her left knee and left hip pain bother her the most, but her low back pain is constant. She states that the left knee pain The patient did complete an MRI of the left knee on 2-2-2026, which shower medial meniscus tear and left knee joint effusion and Baker cyst. So for medial meniscus tear, to clarify, therems a smal tear involving the posterior horn of the medial meniscus. There are no lateral meniscus tears on MRI. The patient does have an orthopedic evacuation schedule on 5-27-2026 with Dr. Paste. The patient continued with the chiropractic treatment here at this clinic. She does report sorbens in the low back left hip and left knee, worse with sitting and standing for prolonged period. She states that while walking as well, her left knee will give out on her. She says that sleeping on her left side is very painful and she has difficult sleeping at night The patient has difficult with activities of daily living and sleep as well. The patient, past medial history, significant for H. pylori, pervious accident and injuries. Patient dentes past surgical history. Patient reports a C-section times two. Allergies, patient's allergic to erythromycin. family history, noncontributory social history, she smokies a half a pack per day, alcohol use, social ill, less drugs, none. On review system, permanent finding are as per this present, permanent finding are as per this present illness, otherwise unremarkable. Physical examination, the patient is a 47-year-old female who is alert, awake, and unoriented to persona, place, and time. Head is nomocephalic. Atraumatic extremities are negative for cyanosis and clubbing. There is a trace of edema noted about the left knee. Palpation, or sorry, therems tenuous palpation over the edema of the left knee. Nomocerviated pattern. Skin is intacs. No bruising because of laceration. Therems a tennis palpation over the lumbar paraspinal musculature bilaterally. Therems tennis palpation over the left sacroiliac joint and over the left posterior lateral region of the hip. And therems tennis palpation over the left knee, over the medial and lateral joint lines, worse over the medial joint line. range of motion testing. There was diminished range of motion in the lumbar spine with pain noted toward the end range of motion. There was diminished range of motion in the left knee with pain noted toward the end range of motion. Weight-to-be-tested testing. Spurling sign was positive. Not Spurling sign. Straight leg raise was negative bilaterally. The left hip was positive for Faber's. The left SI joint was positive for fore-and-finger test times two. Neurologic sensation is intacs, light touch on extremities. D-tendon reflexes are two plus and symmetric. Motor strain testing is five to five on extremities, gated, steady, lattice, devic's. Diagnosis number one, lumbar sprain strain number two, left hip sprain strain number thre, left SI joint pain and dysfunction. Number four, left knee pain with medial meniscus tear and Baker cyst and joint effusion. Planned intervention, The patient completed an MRI of the left knee on 2-2-2026, and I reviewed and discussed that report with the patient in detail. The patient was given a prescription for an MRI of the left hip. Therapy, the patient will continua to benefin from ongoing outpatient chiropractic and rehabilitation program. DME, no DME dispense today. Referrals, no new referrals provided today. The patient does have an orthopedic evacuation schedule with Dr. Pace on 5-27-2026. Medication, the patient was given a prescription for methylcarbamol, 500 milligram tables, POBID, with food, PRN for pain and inflammation, meloxicam, 15 milligram tables, PO once daily, PRN for pain and inflammation. and lidocaine 5% patches to be applied to the area of pain. 12 hours on, 12 hours off is need for pain. The risk and benefin of the medication were discussed with the patient. The patient expressed his understanding. I recommend a followup. The patient will followup up on board in six weeks for evacuation. Eric Lam, DO Induration.