This is Dr. Eric Lam, Dick Henry patient, Challenge Carteri, that's C-H-A-R-L-E-N-E, Carteri, C-A-R-T-E-R, date of birth is 12-11-1978, date of injury 9-29-2025, date of visit 3-10-2026, lobation, Excelsior Injury Care, Wilmington, Delaware, initial evacuation, Mr. President Ellis, Ms. Challenge Carteri is a 47-year-old right-handed for evacuation of injuries sustaire in a pedestrian versus motor vehicle accident that occurred on 9-29-2025. Activation reports that on that date, she was walking with her daughter and her granddaughter acros an intersection of North Madison and Folk Road. That's Folk, F-O-U-L-K, when she was struck by a car on her left side. She states that her daughter was struck first and then she was struck by the car. she dentes head trauma she dentes loss of consciousness she says that police did argive on scene and as well as ems and she did not and she declined going to the hospital she did due to persistent pain the patient began chiropractic treatment at this clinic on 11th last 13th last 2025 the patient our current complaint the patient complain of low back pain left hip pain left buttock pain and left knee pain the patient states that the left knee bothers her the most her left knee MRI was completed you can put her left knee and left hip pain bother her the most but her low back pain is constant she states that the left knee pain The patient did complete an MRI of the left knee on 2-2-2026, which shower medial meniscus tear and left knee joint effusion and Baker cyst. So for medial meniscus tear, to clarify, therems a smal tear involving the posterior horn of the medial meniscus. There are no lateral meniscus tears on MRI. The patient does have an orthopedic evacuation schedule on 5-27-2026 with Dr. Paste. The patient continued with the chiropractic treatment here at this clinic. She does report sorbens in the low back left hip and left knee, worse with sitting and standing for prolonged period. She states that while walking as well, her left knee will give out on her. She says that sleeping on her left side is very painful and she has difficult sleeping at night The patient has difficult with activities of daily living and sleep as well. The patient's past medial history is significant for H. pylori, pervious accident and injuries. The patient dentes past surgical history. The patient reports a C-section times two. Allergies, the patient is allergic to erythromycin. family history noncontributory social history she smokies a half a pack per day alcohol use social illest drugs none on review system permanent finding who are as per this present permanent finding are as per this present illness otherwise unremarkable physical examination the patient is a 47 year old female who's alert awake and unoriented the persona plays in time Head is nomocephalic. Atraumatic extremities are negative for cyanosis and clubbing. There is a trace of edema noted about the left knee. Palpation, or sorry, therems tenuous palpation over the edema of the left knee. Nomocerviated pattern. Skin is intacs. No bruising because of laceration. palpation therems a tennis palpation of the lumbar paraspinal musculature diffuse or we were that therems a tennis palpation of the lumbar paraspinal musculature bilaterally therems tennis palpation over the left sacroiliac joint and over the left posterior lateral region of the hip and therems tennis palpation over the left knee over the medial and lateral joint lines worse over the medial joint line range of motion testing there was diminished range of motion lumbar spine with pain noted toward the end range of motion therems diminished range of motion the left knee with pain noted toward the end range of motion weight to be testing spurling sign was positive for no stricture um not spurling zone straight leg raises negative bilaterally the left hip was positive for favores the left SI joint was positive for foreign finger test times two neurologic sensation is intacs like social extremities detector reflexes are two plus isometric motor strain testing is five to five no extremities gated steady lattice devic's diagnosis number one lumbar sprain strain number two left hip sprain strain number thre left SI joint pain and dysfunction number four left knee pain with medial meniscus tear and baker cyst and smal and joint effusion plan intervention no artificial schedule at this time imaging diagnostic studer the patient completed an MRI of the left knee on 2-2-2-2026 and I reviewed and discussed that report with the patient in detail the patient was given a prescription for an MRI of the left hip therapy. The patient will continua to benefin from ongoing outpatient chiropractic and rebuttative program. DME and DME dispense today. Referrals. No new referrals provided today. The patient does have an orthopedic evacuation schedule with Dr. Pace on 5-27-2026. Medication. The patient was given a prescription for methylcarbamol, 500 mg tables, POBID, with food, PRN for pain and inflammation, meloxicam, 15 mg tables, PO once daily, PRN for pain and inflammation and lidocaine 5% patches to be applied to the area of pain 12 hours on, 12 hours off the scene of pain. Risk and benefin of the medication were discussed with the patient. The patient expressed understanding. Recommend followup. The patient will followup in four to six weeks for evacuation. Eric Lam, DO Induration.