. by Dr. Frisner on 12-25 when he was recommended to continua treatment for his cervical, spine, and thoracic spine symptoms, period. He, of course, has upper back, mid-back, and low back symptoms. Of course, his neck, upper back, and mid-back symptoms are stil bothersome, period. His pains range from a 5 to 7 out of 10. They're aching and stif in quality. His pain, especially with looking up and down and turning his head, period. He dentes numbness, tingling, or radiating symptoms at present. Physical therapy has been beneficia, thought his symptoms persister, period. He has been working as a dispatcher. He takes over the kind of medication as need. New paraphrasia, medial issue, surgical issue, family, sociology, social issue, were reviewed from Dr. Frisner's pervious reports, and are otherwise unchanged. Physical exam, people live in haunted, inspection, cervical, and thoracic spine, reveals no body formities. It's an eversion, parasympathetic, upper mid-parathyroidism, skeletal, bilateral, parasympathetic, pain of the emotion, especially along the end range of cervical flexion, extension, lactating, lobitis, but has a fair range of emotion, presenile of nerves, negative for ridiculous symptoms. He has normal strength and has upper extremities. Assessment. It present you with continued bothersome cervical spine thrombosis symptoms after initial cervical spine thrombosis sprain-slash-strain. Planned and run-of-order MRIs of the cervical spine thrombosis spine to evacuate for internal derangement. The period of failure is reasonable since it has been over six weeks since the date of injury and symptoms persister despite conservative treatment. The period of failure consistit of NIA guideline. Number two, the continued evacuation treatment with the physical therapy and chiropractic service, damage, pain, and promotion, stroke, shock, and function. Number thre, he can continua with the kind of ibuprofen and Tylenol if need. Number four, he can work as tolerata. Number five, will be evacuated in thre weeks period. The above mentioned diagnoses are causal related to his auto accident on the above date. End of dislocation. Thank you.