Next is data 128-26, patient name is C-A-R-E-N, last name is Shaw, date of birth 128-71, date of accident 12-15-25, office Wilmington, HPI. The patient return for a followup period. She notes there has only been slight improvements since her last visit. She saw as ongoing multiple complaint with the left knee and right shoulder pain, stiffness, and weaknes period. The right shoulder pain is stil worse than any type of overwear raising or reaching and stil unable to sleep on her right side, period. Ongoing left knee pain with any simple knee bending activities, including walking and stair climbing, and stil unable to kneel, period. She stil notes that the left knee abrasion is painful. The low back pain is stil worse to the right side. She stil dentes any obvious, ridiculous complaint, period. Any turning or bending activities of her lumbar spine is stil painful, period. She continued therapy at Excelsior Wilmington two times per week and at Concentraid one time per month, which is stil healing, period. Next paragraphia, review assistant permanent for multiple injuries and work-related accident on 12-15-25. Next paragraphia, objective. The patient. has an improved appearing gait, but it is stil slow with some favoring of the left lower extremity, period. Next paragraphia. Left knee motion is 0 to 110 degrees with pain, especially at terminal motion, period. Less diffuse anterior edema, period. Ongoing anterior tenderness, especially to the anterior medial aspects, period. healed one centimeter abrasion in the anterior medial aspect with tenderness and sensitivity. Period. Cruciate and collateral ligament are glossy intacs. Period. Positive memoriae for pain to the medial and lateral compartment. Period. Minimal joint effusion. Period. Cavs are soft and non-tender with negative homogeny signs, no gros signs of DVT. Period. Next paragraphia. Right shoulder motion is stil limited to 90 degrees of active core reflection and abduction with pain throughout. Period. 150 degrees passive, but with significant increased pain. Period. 160 degrees on the left without pain, period. External rotation to 40 degrees on the right versus 50 degrees on the left, period. Positive impingement sign, crossbar adduction, spee's, and apprehension on the right. Period apprehension is positive for pain without gros instability, period. glossy intacs sensation about the right shoulder region, period. Next paragraphia. Lumbar spine motion is 60% of normal, period. Extension is stil more limited, secondary to increased pain, period. Pararenal spasm and tenderness throughout the lumbar region, period. Shrugged leg raise increases low back pain without obvious radicular symptoms, distal, period. Lower extremity reflexes are plus one in symmetric, period. bilateral EHL slash DF slash PF is five slash five, period. Next paragraphia, assessment. For the next sequence, please use bold red. Please use the same information from the note dated 12-24-25, period. Next paragraphia, plan. I had another long, detailed discission with the patient, period, activity modification during an discussed period. The patient will continua chiropractic slash therapy treatment, period. Next paragraphia. Continua flexural 10 milligram BID PRN and lidocaine 5% topical 3 grams TID PRN. No alcohol operating machinery or driving a car while using the flexural, period. The patient continued her eloquence anticoagulation, period. Next paragraphia. Continua the left knee hinge braches need for confidence core, period. The patient was asked to help sustaire her prior record and imaging studer, period. She knows that she recent underwent a right shoulder MRI study. and requests were made to obtain the results, period. She also notes upcoming left knee MRI schedule, period. I have also given her a prescription to obtain an MRI of the lumbar spine to further evacuate the ongoing complaint, period. Next paragraphia. Patient remains unable to return to her pre-injury job, this time secondary to her injuries and ongoing symptoms, period. The patient is stil very limited from a physical standpoint at this time, period. Next paragraphia, returning about four weeks for followup and clinical reevaluation, period. All questions and concerta are fully answered and adpressed. Two-sentence action, period. The patient understands and agrees to both plan, period, and dislocation.