Next is data 128, 26, patient name is C-A-R-E-N, last name is Shaw, date of birth, 128, 71, date of accident, 12, 15, 25, office, Wilmington, HPI, to patient return for followup period. She notes there has only been slight improvements since her last visit. She saw as ongoing multiple complaint with left knee and right shoulder pain, stiffness, and weaknes period. The right shoulder pain is stil worse than any type of overwear raising or reaching pain. and stil unable to sleep on her right side, period. Ongoing left knee pain with any simple knee bending activities including walking and stair climbing and stil unable to kneel, period. She stil notes that the left knee abrasion is painful. The low back pain is stil worse to the right side. She stil dentes any obvious radicular complaint, period. Any turning or bending activities of her lumbar spine is stil painful. Period. She continued therapy at Excelsia Wilmington two times per week and at Concentraid one time per month, which is stil healing. Period. Next paragraphia. Review assistant permanent for multiple injuries and work-related accident on 12-15-25. Next paragraphia. Objective. The patient. has an improved appearing gait, but it is stil slow with some favoring of the left lower extremity, period. Next paragraphia. Left knee motion is 0 to 110 degrees with pain, especially at terminal motion, period. Less diffuse anterior edema, period. Ongoing anterior tenderness, especially to the anterior medial aspects, period. Dr. Mohammed Alwahaidy, DC, Excelsia, chiropractic, subluxation, therapy, thermotherapy, paraspinal, radiculopathy, thermotherapy, flexion-distraction, Activator, diversified, 160 degrees on the left without pain, period. External rotation to 40 degrees on the right versus 50 degrees on the left, period. Positive impingement sign, I'm sorry, positive impingement sign, crossbar adduction, comma, spee's, comma, and apprehension on the right. Period apprehension is positive for pain without gros instability, period. Glossy intacs sensation about the right shoulder region, period. Next paragraphia. Lumbar spine motion is 60% of normal, period. Extension is stil more limited, secondary to increased pain, period. Pararenal spasm and tenderness throughout the lumbar region, period. Shrugged leg raise increases low back pain without obvious radicular symptoms, distal, period. Lower extremity reflexes are plus one in symmetric, period. Dr. Mohammed Alwahaidy, DC, Excelsia, chiropractic, subluxation, therapy, treatment, chiropractic, therapy, treatment, chiropractic, therapy, treatment, chiropractic, therapy, treatment, chiropractic, therapy, treatment, chiropractic, therapy, treatment, chiropractic, therapy, treatment, chiropractic, therapy, treatment, chiropractic, therapy, treatment, chiropractic, therapy, treatment, chiropractic, therapy, treatment, chiropractic, therapy, treatment, chiropractic, therapy, treatment, Continua Flexeril 10 mg BID PRN and Lidocaine 5% topical 3 g TID PRN. No alcohol, operating machinery, or driving a car while using the Flexeril. Period. The patient continued her eloquence anticoagulation. Period. Next paragraphia. Continua the left knee hinge braches, knee to pre-competence core. Period. The patient was asked to help sustaire her prior record and imaging studer. Period. She knows that she recent underwent a right shoulder MRI study. and requests were made to obtain the results, period. She also notes upcoming left knee MRI schedule, period. I have also given her a prescription to obtain an MRI of the lumbar spine to further evacuate the ongoing complaint, period. Next paragraphia. Patient remains unable to return to her pre-injury job. This time, secondary to her injuries and ongoing symptoms. Period. The patient is stil very limited from a physical standpoint at this time. Period. Next paragraphia. Return in about four weeks for followup and clinical reevaluation. Period. All questions and concerta are fully answered and adpressed. Two-sentence action. Period. The patient understands and agrees to both plan period and dictations.