chronic pain, assume care, no appears with last name, is T-Y-S-O-N-F-S-M-M-A-L-I-S-S-A, 0226-86, Canberra 211, sorry, Canberra 226-806, there are two actions, 211-219 lobation, Columbia, Virginiana present today for medial fashion, major, sustaire, human, vast, and commoditious, right, and a female who works as a student, works as a student life counselor, um on the above day she was restrained by her vehicle period she was by the vehicle struck along the passenger side by another vehicle period her vehicle subsequently only spun around period she denied the abrupt deployment she went to howard count general hospital she did not have any imaging done there she was prescribe medication she has continued to work despite her symptoms period she present to her health center current 213.26 she was evacuated by another chiropractor she was ordered x-rays um period new pair she was going to complain of pain in her neck upper back mid back low back and bilateral thigh period she thinks her neck and back area is jerked and she strain her um thigh muscles, period of pain is present rated as a 6 to 7 out of 10. She has aching and throbbing pains, period of neck and upper back pain is wormseed with prolonged position, turning your head and looking up and down, her low back pain is wormseed with bending and twisting, her thigh pains are localized to the anterior quadriceps musculature and is wormseed with direct pressure over the muscles, strain her leg, prolonged walking, standing and climbing stairs, period of strain, numbness, tingling, reading, sinus, she does not have any of these symptoms prior to this injury, past medial issues, she has any chronic condition, She has a history of right knee, ACL, and meniscus surgery. No known drug allergies. She works as a student life counselor. She dentes tobacco, alcohol, or illicium drug use. Spurling's maneuver is negative, section of thoracic lumbar spine reveals no bone deformity, should extend ablation along the bilateral anterior quadriceps musculature, primarius along the superior and mid portions, period. She does a flowing motion of her knees with pain in the quads, especially with knee extension. Period. New pair of medial record of request for medial record from Howard Count General Hospital. New pair of radiography. She was ordered x-rays at her initial evacuation with a chiropractor. X-rays have not yet been completed. Assessment of an acute musculoskeletal ligamentous sprain strain of cervical and thoracic spine with possible facet injury. acuma, hula, ligament, dyspnea, trauma, lumbar, spine, possible, facet, injury, posttraumatic, number 3, palatal, quadriceps, strain, posttraumatic, plan 1. Shell continua her fashion. She remains indicated with our physical diabetes and scapular service. Number 2, she may continua medication as prescribe by Howard Count General Hospital, period. Number 3, she prefest to continua working, period. She will notify the office if she is unable to perforin her work duties. Number 4, she will be provided next month or sooner if need.