chronic pain, assume care, no appears with last name, T-Y-S-O-N-F-S-M-M-A-L-I-S-S-A, 0226-86, Canaveral, 211, sorry, Canaveral, 226-806, they're acting on 211-219 lobation, Columbia, Virginiana, present today for medial fashion, major, sustaire, human, evas, and commoditious, right, and a female who works as a student, works as a student life counselor, On the above day, she was restrained by her vehicle, period. She was by the vehicle struck along the passenger's side by another vehicle, period. Her vehicle subsequently spun around, period. She denied the appropriate deployment. She went to Howard Count General Hospital. She did not have any imaging done there. She was prescribe medication. She has continued to work despite her symptoms, period. She was present here at the health center at 2-13-26. She was evacuated by another chiropractor. She was ordered x-rays, period. She was going to complain of pain in her neck, upper back, mid-back, low back, and bilateral thigh, period. She thinks thigh muscles, period of pain is present rated as a 6 to 7 out of 10. She has aching and throbbing pains, period of neck and upper back pain is wormseed with prolonged position, turning your head and looking up and down, her low back pain is wormseed with bending and twisting, her thigh pains are localized to the anterior quadriceps musculature and is wormseed with direct pressure over the muscles, strain her leg, prolonged walking, standing and climbing stairs, period of shinitis, numbness, tingling, reading, sinus, she does not have any symptoms as far as the sensor past medial issue, she does not have any chronic condition. She has a history of right knee, ACL, and meniscus surgery. No known drug allergies. She works as a student life counselor. She dentes tobacco, alcohol, or illicium drug use. sputum, sputum, sputum, sputum, sputum, sputum, She does a flowing motion of her knees with pain in the quads, especially with knee extension. Period. New pair of medial record of request for medial record from Howard Count General Hospital. New pair of radiography. She was ordered x-rays at her initial evacuation with a chiropractor. X-rays have not yet been completed. Assessment of an acute musculoskeletal ligamentous sprain strain of cervical and thoracic spine with possible facet injury. acupoint, musculoskeletal, ligamentous, sprain, trauma, lumbar, spine, possible, facet, injury, posttraumatic, number 3, palatal, quadriceps, strain, posttraumatic, plan 1. Shell continua her fashion. She remains indicated with our physical diabetes and scapular service. Number 2, she may continua medication as prescribe by Howard Count General Hospital, period. Number 3, she prefest to continua working, period. She will notify the office if she is unable to perforin her work duties. Number 4, she will be provided next month or sooner if need.