sputum, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, lumbar, period. Unfortunately, she was terminated from her job. In a paragraphia of note, she recent went to patient first again for an unrelated eye issue. Period of that visit, she also got refills of her pain medication that she was prescribe after this accident period. In a paragraphia of note, she went to patient first again for an unrelated eye issue. She localize tenderness along the parasympathetic and paralytic musculature. Paralytic, she has pain with range of motion. Speculative left shoulder, therems no boniformities. She has pain with range of motion. Shoulder flexion, abduction, passivate, 160 degrees. She continued to have difficult in internal and external rotation. Speculative left hip, therems no boniformities. She continued to have pain with hip flexion, right more so than left. Speculative right knee, therems no boniformities. pain at the end of motion, flexion, extension, she localize tenderness along the anterior aspect of the assessment, which present a continued bias in cervical spine, thoracic spine, lumbar spine, left shoulder, bilateral hip, right knee symptoms, after initial cervical spine, thoracic spine, lumbar spine, sprain slash strain, comma, left shoulder sprain, comma, right, bilateral hip strain, comma, right knee contusion, as a result of this work-related automobile accident period, plan will show continued bias in treatment as indicated by the physical eminence as covered to service, so menton pain at the end of motion, short-term and functional, she is not yet followup with behavioral therapy recording her fear of driving and anxiousnes. Number four, she can continua medication prescribe by patient first. Number six, shell remain out of work status for the next few weeks period. If a sedentary duty job is available for her in a few weeks, she can continua You can see if she can tolerata that period. Number five, I'll see you back in thre weeks for your version of the dislocation. Thank you.