initial visit patient name is james berlanger j-a-m-e-s-b-e-r-l-a-n-g-e-r date of birth is 3-30-81 date of increase to 11-26 date of visit is 3-11-26 lobation is excel pain care center port richmond pa history president ellis mr berlanger b-e-r-l-a-n-g-e-r um is a 44 year old man who present office today for um evacuation and injury sustaire in a fall slash persona incident that occurred on 2 11 26 station was walking on a sidewalk at the sixth and sprue in front of this workplace sprue street is s-p-o-r-u-c-e he slipped on ice and fell backward hit his head and neck and low back patient experiencing loss of consciousness patient and seek medial attention at Penn Emergency Room Hospital where he was examined. No diagnostic imaging was preformed. Report is not available for me for review at this time. Report will be requested. um current complaint today patient present complaint of ongoing headache holocranial in nature report photophobia report nausea and vomiting oh headache can happen every day um today is the worst of the nausea um patient state that um nausea fluctuate headache fluctuate in nature um however he dentes any blurry vision double vision photophobia or any memory issue or concentration issue and related to the headache. Patient report neck pain that radiate into the shoulder blades. Patient state the lower back pain is more actual in nature and has been modestly improving. Lunate and irradiation along the lower extremities. Patient state pain does interfere with the daily living and work. Dentes a feeling of weaknes such as a bowel slash bladder or some of the aforementioned medial history. patient report history of migraine no medication pervious accident or injury dentes pathological history broken right hand without hardware allergies no known drug allergies medication patient dentes social history smoking yes alcohol social occupational a pharmacy manager physical examination i'm sorry system review system positive finding a prehistory president was otherwise it is unremarkable on physical examination patient awake or oriental to present place and time head is not a cephalic neurosomatic extreme negative plenus discovery and edema peripheral centacrayon alerts i'm sorry normal vascular and pattern abdominis up non-tender skin second losing cut cell ulceration on a palpation of the cervical spine lumbar spine patient was tender for orthopedic testing positive spurling negative for hematic negative straight leg test spinae, lumbar spine, lumbar spines are full with mild to moderately pain and damage. Neurologic sensation and impact by poliostimuli. Exams show a kind of posttraumatic poliostimuli. Study without any specific devic's. Data review and images are studyable for review. Assessment is my professional medial opinion with a reasonable degre of medial certainty that therems a direct cause of those attributes in the accident that occur on 2-11-26. And James Berlanger, presentation today, diagnosis 1. posttraumatic headache, two posttraumatic, I'm sorry, one, posttraumatic headache, two, cervical sprain, flash, strain, thre, lumbar sprain, flash, strain, four, myofascial pain, plantar, ventricle. Now, at this time, pending imaging response to medial management and therapy. Discus with the patient in regards of continua knowledge of your environment and advise the patient to go to the imaging room if the symptoms worsen, patient express understanding. also discussive with patient in regards of ordering a cd scan of his head due to patient state that Penn emergency room hospital did not order imaging for him imaging such diagnostic study MRI of the cervical and lumbar spines are ordered pending result addition cd scan of his the cd scan of a head is ordered today um whitten 3-11-26 pending result therapy the patient may consumer benefin from ongoing outpatient chiropractic and hepatic program placing like cardio stretching and traing insite your area the immune um referred patient has a pending referred for um concussive um evacuation referred um i'm sorry work status non-medication patient is deferring any kind of medication no medication prescribe today recommend a followup patient will followup up again in six to eight weeks for the evacuation cornea lentigo crnp