Initial visit, patient name is James Berlanger, J-A-M-E-S-B-E-R-L-A-N-G-E-R. Date of birth is 3-30-81. Date of increase, 2-11-26. Date of visit is 3-11-26. Lobation is Xelta Injury Care Center, Port Richmond, PA. History President Ellis, Mr. Berlanger, B-E-R-L-A-N-G-E-R, is a 44-year-old. who present office today for evacuation of injury sustaire in a fall slash persona incident that occurred on 2-11-26. Patient was walking on a sidewalk at 6th and Sprue in front of this workplace. Sprue Street is S-P-R-U-C-E. He slipped on ice and fell backward, hit his head and neck and low back. Patient experiencing loss of consciousness. Patient didn't seek medial attention at Penn Emergency Room Hospital where he was examined. No diagnostic imaging was preformed. Report is not available for me for review at this time. Report will be requested. Current complaint today, patient present complaint of ongoing headache, holocranial in nature, report photophobia, report nausea and vomiting. Headache can happen every day. Today is the worst of the nausea. Patient state that nausea fluctuantes, headache fluctuate in nature. However, he dentes any blurry vision, double vision, phonophobia. or any memory issue or concentration issue and related to the headache. Patient report neck pain that radiate into the shoulder blades. Patient state the lower back pain is more actual in nature and has been modestly improving, dentes any radiation along down the lower extremities. Patient state pain does interfere with their living and work, dentes a ceratin sort of weaknes such as a bowel slash bladder, some of these are for medial history. Patient report history of migraine, no medication, pervious accident or injury, dentes, pathological history, broken right hand, without hardware, allergies, no known drug allergies, medication, patient dentes, social history, smoking, yes, alcohol, social, occupational of pharmacy, manager, physical examination, I'm sorry, A system review, system positive finding, and prehistory present, otherwise it is unremarkable. On physical examination, patient awake or oriental to a present place and time, head is normal cephalic, neuro-traumatic, excise me, negative plenus discovery, and edema, prehospital, and tachycardia, I'm sorry, normal vascularis pattern, abdominis up, non-tender skin, and second losing cut to laceration. On a palpation of the cervical spine, lumbar spine, patient was tender for orthopedic testing, positive scrolling, negative for hematic, negative straight leg test, Thank you very much for your attention. Next questcor is a little spinal number. Spines are full with mild to moderately pain and damage. Neurologic sensation and impact by poliostimulant. Examination of cardiovascular and poliostimulant. Study without any assisted devic's. Data review and image study will be reviewed. Assessment is my professional medial opinion with a reasonable degre of medial certainty that therems a direct cause of those attributes in the accident that occur on 2-11-26. And James Berlanger, presentation today, diagnosis 1. posttraumatic headache, two posttraumatic, I'm sorry, one posttraumatic headache, two cervical sprain, flash strain, thre lumbar sprain, flash strain, four myofascial pain, plantar intention. Not at this time pending imaging response to medial management and therapy. Discus with the patient in regards of continua knowledge of their environment. And advise patient to go to the imaging room if the symptom wormseed, patient express understanding. Also discussive with patient in regards of ordering a CT scan of his head due to patient state that Penn Emergency Room Hospital did not order imaging for him. Imaging slash diagnostic study MRI of the cervical and lumbar spines are ordered pending result. Addition CT scan of his, the CT scan of the head is ordered today. whitten 3-11-26 pending result therapy the patient may continua to benefin from ongoing outpatient chiropractic and hepatic program including why cardio stretching and traing insite your area the immune referred patient has a pending referred for concussive evacuation referred I'm sorry non-medication patient is deferring any kind of medication no medication prescribe today Recommend a followup patient who will followup up again in six to eight weeks for the evacuation, corneal entasia, CRNP.