Followup notes. Patient name is Jason Hennessey, J-A-S-O-N-H-E-N-N-E-S-S-E-Y. Date of birth is 5-23-80. Date of injury is 9-14-25. Date of visit is 3-11-26. Lobation of cross-strait education act. Port Richmond, PA. Mr. President and Mrs. Hennessey, H-E-N-N-E-S-S-E-Y, is a 45-year-old right-handed male, present for the office today for of lumborepiduracy injection approximate two weeks ago. Reports not available for me for review. Report will be requested. Patient state that pain stil ongoing and stil radiate after injection. Patient is not interested for a repeat. Patient wants to continua with physical therapy at the moment. Patient's state stil, state pain stil does interfere accurately with their living, working, and sleep. Prolonging to be such as walking, bending, lifting, pulsating stil aggravates the lower back pain. Patient in 1982, onset of weaknes, esophageal slash flatus, anesthesia. Patient has a change in medial history, managing regimen, allergy, situation, and social history. Pervious symptoms positive for a bump in the cinema. Otherwise, it is unremarkable. On physical examination, patient's awake, alert, and to the persona at the same time. skinny thing in the region called a laceration and the property general number circles fine patient was tender with it for the big testing certainly test is positive range of motion testing full range of motion rotation extension pressure was fine with multiple matter pointing and range knowledge of sensation and back about processing extremities um more than the same show for the classroom approach community that affects our two-person record and g is 30 without any assistive devic's Data we know for images study of overview. Diagnosis 1, lumbar sprain, fascia, lumbar dysplasia at L5-S1 and lumbar dysplasia at L2-L3 with BMG conformation of acute and chronic lumbar radiculopathy. 2, myofascial pain. Client mentioned, discus with patient in regards of continuity physical therapy. Patient is stil referring for a repeat secondary lumbar epidural injection. Imaging such diagnostic study. No further imaging or diagnostic study ordered. Therapy division will continua to benefin from ongoing outpatient chiropractic, physical therapy, and rehab therapy programme, including light cardio, stretching, traing, and scientific area. DME non-referral, patient current attending physical therapy, consumer orthopedic evacuation for the next visit. Medication patient may continua in the proximal, final, mid-gum type with BID clearance for pain, common flexural, 10-milligram, CHS period, and for muscle spasm. The lidocaine productive patch will suppl QDPRN for pain to painful area, to all those on, to all those off. The risk and benefin of medication will be reviewed with the patient-patient acces understanding. Next, I'm going to followup up. Patient will followup up again in six to eight weeks for reevaluation.