par, b, c, b, d, t, a, initial, neurologia, evacuation for a patient's first name April Aston Hicks All right, day 119, 2026. Date of birth is 4-23-1974. Date of exam is 2-5-2-3-6. Place of exam is Kate Ewing, Ms. Hicks, H-I-K-S, 51-year-old female who was interested in neurocognitive evacuation of headache. We forward by Irene Browsers, PA, period. She's unaccompanied at the end of the period. Here's your time with the lab book on her next session. Here's your time with the lab book on her next session. Here's your time with the lab book on her next session. Tuesday, Agnes Hospital where no imaging was obtained. She was in discharge. Her headache are daily. Lasting an hour with a neck pain. Nausea, vomiting, blood vision. She did not have any history of headache, head trauma, or trauma. She had a seizure time of 1, 2015 due to an accidental overdose. period. She also noticed a change in the mood with increased anxiety and emotional trauma. She was given a way forward to a psychiatrist for this complaint period. She did not entertain a contact. She takes up six weeks also due to body pain. Next is a past medial history. MBA two or thre years ago. Was she fully recovery? History of a seizure times one ten years ago. war, self-limiting, and withdrawal, spon, spon, spon, spon, spontaneous, period. Next is the surgical history, none, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, next, photophobia, anxiety, nexophysical, eczema, cysts, a, war, pain, female, no, acute, D, D, D, D, stres, heat, alert, aneurysm, thalamus, thre, affect, isopropanol, movement, then once, secur the head, is, num, num, num, sprain, HMA, extract, almost, or attack, cranial, tooth, tuberculosis, attack, hearing, it goes to attack, or, of course, it's, pig and musk, it's, no, it's, not, it's, gait is normal and non-attractive, motogastem, and ablation, myotactic, cc, example, laceration, ablation, myotactic, coach, renal, spleen, spleen, attack, evacuation, the cervical spine, weep, the positive tendon, overpresence, parasympathetic disease, she gets a headache, whoop, pop, pop, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, par, to to to not next season this next next dependent of the case are our persona matter with cervical genetic contribution i was over i'm back on 119 26 i would recommend her to a physical therapy for a cervical genetic has come up with symmetry for her being dizzy period unfortunately due to her not living here comma she's originally from oklahoma where she leaves on tuesday 6 2025 I gave her a referred to a neurologist to evacuate if she was posttraumatic, headache, and contusion period. So I will discharge her from this neuro clinic due to her moving back to her home state of Oklahoma period. She was given an order for a CT of the head with our conference, but are we advised that she has not had obtained yet period may be beneficia for her to see a neurologist. as well as more neuroimaging, period. All questions answered. That's my ability sheet. We will summit it here. I will be discharged today, period.