Bobby simple dictating a initial neurologia evacuation for a patient first name T-O-N-Y-A last name D-O-R-S-E-Y R-X-A-10-5-2025 date of birth is 10-10-1968 date of exam is 2-5-2-6-6. Basic exam is K-E-0-M-I-S-T-O-R-C-D-A D-O-R-S-E-Y is a 57-year-old female who present to a neuroclinic for evacuation of headache,. Pennsylvania Medial Center, they did CT scans of her head, cervical spine, chest, abdomen, pelvis, aqueous of her left tibia were obtained, period. CT of the head and cervical spine were negative for acute abnormality, period. She was being treated with Excelsia Injury Care in Pennsylvania, due to where she was living. Now she's moving to Maryland to transition period. She did not see a neurologist from her headache post-accident period. Basically, her headache are 45 times a week, lasting all day at the University of 6 out of 10, she assaulted her head with neck pain. 6 out of 10, a blood vision disorder. She denied the history of headache, hair trauma, or severe prior incident. She denied any change in her mood or concept. It's not to say that sleep is also due to body pain. Next is the past medial history. None. Next is the cervical history, tubal ligation. Next is the criminal ligation, latex. Next is the family history, non-consultatory. Next is the social history. She was with her with four children. She denied any alcohol, sex, She works as a U.S. Postal Service Carrier Off Worked by Dr. Chira Sibley, P.D. Next, we will asses the receiver patient's endocrine response for headache, neck pain, blood pressure, and dissonance. Next, let's go to the examination. This is a weapon. Female, no acute distress. She's alert and oriental. Time is 3. Affect is appropriate. Movement is normal. Sixth period hit is normal. Five in each night. Extra-occurrence arm attack. Crane or two. Civil ghost attack. Human ghost attack. on both their peak and worst day of them on our task up a little short on them about a five this is too late that's in up a little shimmy our attack coins free notes finger attack you that which other service fine we've been positive or pres part of it she's a headache we're publishing a burger to a separative nerd next next that's a separative one as a blow the Roger next ever got the next portions my headache next visual discomfort next to the next next next the plant if it takes our postman will circle done in a condition as a result of her Arne Baxter on 10-5-25 for IU Worldwide Physiotherapy, stil writing for the plan improvement of our function to be done at the patient office, but I did order an MRI at the brain center with our endocrine pathology after injury repair. I'll have a followup in four or six weeks to check out the questcor and response in the treatment period. All her questions are best in my ability. She's a group of subordinate care at Cathodic Cros.